I am in San Jose. Also I want to see a 3D movie.
Yes, please find me some other movies. I want to see something at CineLux Almaden.
March 5th.
I like Horror movies and would also like to see a movie in Concord. Can you search for one there?
I am thinking of going on March 2nd and I would like to see it at Veranda LUXE Cinema.
Make it movies in Santa Clara
I'll see it this Saturday
A friend and I want to see an imax show at CineLux Tennant Station. What movies are out?
What fantasy movies are being shown in Morgan Hill?
No, not right now. What times is it playing on March 2nd?
I'mm interested in seeing an imax movie in Petaluma.
I plan on seeing it on the 2nd of March.
I am currently at Sebastopol, could you find for movies currently showing in this area?
What are the show times available for this movie? Would it be possible on the March 5th for a 3d version of this movie?
I'm in Livermore.
No, not right now. I want to watch it on Tuesday next week, at Livermore Cinema.
I really want to find a movie to watch. I was thinking we could go to an imax show.
What movies are showing in Fremont?
Shazam! sounds great. What time is it showing on the 8th of March?
can you search for movies shown in San Jose.i like Adventure movies.
I like Documentary movies. could you try again?
Can you search for moveis shown SFO. I want to watch at Roxie Theater. Please find some other movies.
I want to watch a regular show. I want to want it on 3rd of this month.
Hey, I'm looking for a movie to watch in Oakland. Is there anything available?
Please find some different movies. Any showing is fine.
March 7th, please.
I'm currently looking at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. I want to watch a movie on a big imax screen. Can you find some good movies in the San Francisco area?
Yeah, Knock Down The House sounds good. When does this movie start? I want to go see it on the 8th of March.
I need to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
Can you find a movie shown in SFO.
I like to watch it on 9th of this month.
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Livermore Cinema.
Are you able to find movies playing at Livermore?
After sounds great! I plan on watching it on the 2nd of this month. Can you tell me what time is the showing?
Could you help me finding a movie to watch in Union City, please?
could you please find me something else, like a scary movie at Century Union Landing?
Curse of La Llorona is perfect. What time can I watch a imax on the 7th
Find me a good flick in SFO.
Nah. Find me something regular.
Keep going. I'm flexible.
On March 1st.
I am in Brentwood, there are a few theaters. What movies are around here?
I don't like those options. Show me imax shows.
CineLux Delta Cinema Saver is the closest theater I think. I want to see it on March 2nd.
I want to find a movie to watch, Can you search for the movies shown in Petaluma?
No, I don't want to purchase now. What time can I watch it? I want to watch a 3d show.
I want to watch is on March 4th. I want to watch at Boulevard Cinema
I need to find a movie to watch in Livermore. I'd like to see an imax show.
Look for something else. Something regular.
Not right now. When is it showing at Vine Cinema?
I'd like to see it on the 2nd of this month.
I'd like to discover a film to watch. Can you search for San Bruno shown films.
How long can I watch it? Every theater is okay.
I'm waiting to see it on 2nd of March .
I live in Walnut Creek.
Not right now? I just want to know showtimes on March 2nd.
Hi. I want to find a comedy movie to watch at Century Oakridge. Can you help me with that?
I'm in San Jose.
No, I don't want to purchase tickets now. But can you tell me when I can see it? I want to see it in 3d next Tuesday.
What movies are showing in San Jose? I really want to go see a movie.
Nah, those aren't what I'm looking for. What imax shows are out?
Oh, sorry. I would like to see it on the 9th of March.
I'm in Union City, can you suggest any movies there?
I want to watch a regular showing on the 5th.
Can you show me movies shown in Morgan Hill.
No, I want to watch it on Sunday this week. What times is it showing?
I want to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
No thanks. I like fantasy movies. Can you now search in Campbell?
On the 2nd.
Im looking to watch a movie that is in 3d.
I want to watch the movie at Boulevard Cinema. Can you find movies that are showing in Petaluma? I enjoy comedy movies.
I would like to watch the movie on the 4th.
Hey, I want to go see a movie. Any theater is cool for me.
I am in Santa Rosa and want the closest theater. What movies are there now?
Find some more options, please. I want to see 3rd Street Cinema.
Yes, The Upside is what I want to see then. What are the showtimes for today?
Brentwood, please. I'd like to watch an Adventure movie at AMC Brentwood.
Not at the moment. I'd like to watch an imax show, what are the available times?
March 2nd, please.
I would like to watch a regular show at the Century at Tanforan. Could you make the search for movies in San Bruno?
The 5th of this month would be perfect.
I am looking for a 3d suspense movie in Santa Clara.
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it showing at AMC Mercado?
the 1st please.
It's movie night! I'm trying to decide what to watch. Can you find movies shown in Sonoma?
I'd like to see it on March 5th.
I'm looking for a movie to watch tonight. My favorites are scary movies.
A theater in Berkeley would be most convenient.
I want to go sometime today. I think the United Artists Berkeley would be the closest to where I am.
Can you find a funny movie for me at AMC Brentwood?
Find a 3d movie in Brentwood.
I want to go later today.
Is there another show time? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
Find movies in Larkspur
Not now, what times are available and any theatre is fine.
1st of this month
I would like to find a 3d movie to watch.
Could you search for movies playing in Union City. Preferably at Century Union Landing.
No, I don't want to buy tickets now. What times are the movies playing? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I haven't seen a new movie a months. Can you find me an Imax show in Campbell to watch?
Can you tell me if it's playing on the 2nd at Pruneyard cinemas?
I'm looking for a Comedy to watch in a theatre today, can you help me pick one?
I'm in Oakland right now.
Not really - can you find some others? I'd like to go to the New Parkway Theater, a regular show, nothing 3D, they make me queasy.
I'm thinking the 7th of this month.
I want to go to the movies. Find me a drama
In Sebastopol
I want to see Hackers on the 7th of this month. What time does it play?
I would like it in San Bruno.
This Saturday at Century at Tanforan.
Search for movies being shown in Newark.
Can you find some other movies at AMC NewPark.
Find some other movies, any type of movie is fine.
What time can I watch the movie on the 2nd?
My friend and I want to watch a movie at Century Daly City
I am in Daly City - can you find Adventure movies for us?
Shazam! sounds good! What times are available on the 4th of March?
I want to watch a imax show for movies in Fremont.And I want to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
I like adventure movies.Please find some other movies.
Shazam! is perfect.I want to watch it on Friday next week . What time can I watch it?
I am in Vallejo
I want to watch Captain Marvel. What time do they have available
I want to watch on March 2nd
I'm on Oakland. Can you show me movies from here?
I changed my mind. Can you show me regular shows?
It's not necessary to buy now. What time on March 1st can I watch it?
Please look for a movie in Emeryville.
Yes, Teen Spirit would be great. What time is an imax showing playing?
I want to see the movie on the 1st of this month please.
San Francisco.
On the 15th.
My friend and I are looking to watch a movie later. Can you find movies in Walnut Creek?
We would like to see Little. Is there any times available for Tuesday next week?
Please can you look for some good movies in Santa Rosa of Sonoma County?
Not exactly for the debut movies but might for the latest one. Please can you suggest some other movies? If you can find the one shown in Oakland, that would be perfect.
Nope, I would like to watch Funny movies especially a imax show. Please can you find any such movies?
I will be available on March 9th. That day would work.
in Pleasant Hill, Is there any nice movie you can find here?
Yes, I need to clarify, at what time, I can watch this movie on 2nd of this month.
I'm in Brentwood
Long Shot sounds perfect. What are the show times? I would like to watch a 3d show.
I prefer the 1st of March.
I am looking for a movie to watch. Can you find movies that are showing in Morgan Hill?
Please look for other movies. Are you able to do a search for movies in Emeryville? I would like to see something in IMax.
Teen Spirit will be perfect. What time will I be able to watch it? I would like to see it at AMC Bay Street?
I would like to see it today?
Can you search around Sebastopol?
Can I have some more options? And can you search in Union City?
9th of March.
I'm in Berkeley. Any good movies here?
I would like to go today.
I'd like to see a movie at Century Rowland Plaza.
I'd like to see an imax movie in Novato.
I'd like to see it on March 1st.
Can you search in Brentwood.
Please find some other movies in San Ramon. Any theatre is fine.
I want to watch 3d show, pls find other movies
No. I want to watch on 2nd of March. What time can i watch?
Can you find me a movie to watch at CineLux Tennant Station
Look for movies in Morgan Hill
Captain Marvel sounds perf. What Time can I watch? I want a regular show time
On march 7th.
I'd like to a show. Can you help me find a 3d movie near me?
I'm in Cloverdale.
I'd like to see it on the 2nd.
I feel like watching a movie. What's available in San Jose?
Can you search for other ones? Something at CineLux Almaden.
The Curse of La Llorona is great. What time is it available in March 5th?
This week, I have a lot to do and meeting to attend. I think I'll deserve some time to relax and watch a movie, something I could really use your help choosing. I want to see a Non-fiction movie that I can watch on imax. You have any ideas for me?
Please recommend a movie that's showing in San Bruno.
Please set the date for the 8th of March.
I want to find movies in San Ramon.
I want to see it on Saturday this week.
What's the address for Cinelux Tennant Station?
Do you know which movies are showing in Morgan Hill?
Is there a imax show nearby?
March 2nd is perfect for me.
I want to watch a movie in San Francisco.
Find some comic movies. I want to watch at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
I want to watch tomorrow.
Look for movies shown in SFO.
I want to watch it at Embarcadero Center Cinema on the 2nd of this month.
A fun movie is on the agenda for our upcoming family night out. It's kind of a big deal because we're still celebrating graduation, and we want to see a movie that's 3d, lighthearted and rated for all ages. What's your take on a movie recommendation, please?
How about a search in San Ramon. Any kind of movie is fine, just as long as it's fun.
Okay, I expect we'll go see the movie on the 5th at THE LOT City Center.
I want movies shown in Union City.
I prefer tomorrow at Century Union Landing. Whatever type of show is absolutely fine.
Search for movies in SFO please.
Can you find some other movies? I like the War genre.
Aftermath sounds great! What are the showtimes for IMAX showings?
I want to see it on the 1st.
Can you help me find movies in Oakland?
I'd like to see it at New Parkway Theater on the 10th of March.
It will be fine in SFO
Try some other particularly in Vallejo, imax show.
On 2nd of March.
Yeah, I have changed the date to March 1st and at Century Vallejo.
Find theaters playing 3D movies in San Jose.
Find Drama movies on imax.
This Saturday.
I am going to watch a movie at the Piedmont Theatre
Have you tried searching for movies in Oakland
I will purchase a ticket later what time will be good so I can watch a imax show
How about the 7th of March
What are some flicks in Oakland?
Dr. Strangelove sounds good. I don't care about the theater, but what times are available?
I'd like to catch it on the 10th.
Search for movies only shown in Vacaville.
Try to find movies shown in Albany.
On the 5th at Albany Twin will be good.
Please find a movie in San Francisco.
Please check the showtimes for this Saturday.
Is it on at any other times? I'd actually like to go to the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
I need the movies being shown in Brentwood.
No, something else. An imax show is what I am looking for.
I am planning to watch it on March 2nd.
Search for movies at Menlo Park.
I would like to see it March 9th.
Is it available at another time? How about on March 4th?
Find movies in SF.
I want a 3D showing, on March 2nd, at the Vogue Theatre.
I wish to see a move at AMC NewPark.
Kindly find a movie in Newark.
Could you please search for some other movies? I wish to see a Fantasy movie at imax show.
I wish to see it on the 1st.
Can you search a comic movie for me?
I am in Santa Clara, can you search here?
search for March 11th.
I would like to watch a horror movie.
Search for movies in San Jose area
Tuesday next week would be best
Can you find movies in Martinez?
The 9th of this month and I would like a regular show.
I would like to go to Vine Cinema in Livermore.
I would like to watch it on the 3rd.
I would like to search for movies in Santa Rosa, please.
I would like to watch the movie at any theater today.
I want movies in Vacaville.
Not right now. What time can I see the show? I want to watch a regular show.
I want to watch it tomorrow.
I'd like to find a movie to watch at Century San Francisco Centre.
Help me find movies showing in San Francisco.
How about next Thursday?
In Vacaville please
No I want something else. What's playing in San Bruno. I don't care which theater.
On the 2nd of this month. Does it come in imax?
The Redwood City
the Century Redwood city the March 1st
San Rafael, please. I'd like to see a Drama movie.
March 1st, please.
Can you search Larkspur for Drama movies?
Lets go see Transit, What time is it? Ill go to any theater.
Next Tuesday is when i want to see it.
I want to find a movie to watch at AMC Saratoga.
Search for 3d movies in San Jose.
Please find movies in Union City.
Could you find some other movies? I prefer Adventure movies.
I wish to see it on March 4th.
Are there any good movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I would like to see it on March 2nd in a 3d showing.
I feel like going to the movies. I'd like to go see a 3d movie at Guild Theatre.
Can you look for films which are playing in Menlo Park?
Red Joan sounds great. What time is it playing on March 9th?
Search for movies playing right now in Napa.
Let's go with Sunday this week.
Comedy movies are my favorites.Search for me movies shown in SF .I would love to watch a imax show.
I want to watch at Century San Francisco Centre the movie Missing Link .At what time can it be?
I would like to be on 1st of this month.
I would like to see a movie in Santa Rosa.
Dumbo would be great, what are the playing times on March 1st at any theater.
I'm looking for movies in Santa Clara.
What time is the movie showing at AMC Mercado?
Wednesday next week.
I am in Oakland, so can you find me any nearby movies?
I am interested in seeing something else, preferably at the Regal Jack London.
The Best of Enemies sounds good to watch, can you tell me 3d showtimes for Saturday this week?
I'd like to watch a movie at THE LOT City Center.
Look for movies plating San Ramon.
I'm looking forward to seeing it on the 1st.
Can you find movies in Albany?
Next Tuesday please.
I would like to go to an Imax movie, can you find me a Comedy to watch?
I'm located in Oakland.
Gloria Bell would be good - I'd like to see it on the 9th of this month, what time does it start at?
I want to find a movie to watch at Century Walnut Creek.
Can you search for movies shown in Walnut Creek? I'd like to watch a regular show.
No, not now. What are the viewing times and dates? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I would like to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
I would like to watch it on the 1st of March.
I'm in Santa Rosa. I'm in the mood for a fantasy movie.
I want to go on 6th of March, to a regular show at 3rd Street cinema.
I'm in San Francisco. What's available?
No, I want something else please. Any theater will do.
Please find something else. I'm interested in drama movies. Are there any regular showings available?
I am looking for showtimes on the 17th.
I want to see a movie in San Bruno. What's available?
No, what else is there? I want to see a regular show.
What time is it? I want to go to Century at Tanforan.
I'd like to go on the 1st.
I want to watch a movie in SF
I want Horror movies
I am available to watch on 7th of this month
Can you search movies in San Ramon.
I would like Scary movies. I would like to watch THE LOT City Center.
Can you find some other movies, I like all kinds.
I would like to see Little. I would like to watch it on March 1st.
I like Biographical movies, can you search for movies shown in Vallejo? I want to watch a 3d show.
Monday next week would be superb. I'd prefer to see it at Century Vallejo
What's showing in San Jose?
What time is it showing at CineLux Almaden?
I am available on the 3rd.
I would like to go to a movie in San Ramon. Can you tell me what movies are playing?
The 9th is the date I am looking to watch it.
Can you do a search for me? I'm looking for 3d movies in San Jose.
I'm in San Ramon, please find a movie there.
No, I don't need tickets right away. What time is their imax showing?
Please check the 9th of this month.
Find me movies in Union City.
I'd like to watch it on the 7th of March.
I'd like to see an imax show at Century at Pacific Commons. I want to watch it.
Can you check for a movie in Fremont?
When can I see it on the 8th of March?
Please look for movies in SFO.
Please find some other options in imax.
What time is the showtimes on March 1st?
Can you find all movies in Pleasant Hill?
On the 2nd of this month, I want to watch a 3d movie. Can you tell me what 3d movies are playing near me?
Hey, they got any Fantasy movies playing at THE LOT City Center?
Look in San Ramon.
The 1st of this month. Look for the 3d version.
I want to watch movie. Any kind of movie works for me.
Can you find movies playing in Martinez.
Missing Link is great! What time I see it? I want to see it on the 1st of March at Contra Costa.
Can you find me movies shown in Emeryville
Please find some more movies. I would like to watch at AMC Bay Street for a 3d show.
Pet Sematary is so good. What time can I watch it? My preferred date is March 8th.
Could you try once? I wanna watch it on Saturday this week.
Find me a regular movie to watch.
I am in Concord.
I want to see it on March 1st.
I want to find a movie to watch. I want to watch a regular show.
Can you search for movies shown in SF.
I want to watch it on 2nd of March.
My husband and I want to watch a 3d movie. Where is the closest place?
I'm in San Jose. Can you look around there?
No, Sunday this week when we have a babysitter. We want the CineLux Almaden.
I would love to see a 3d show in Menlo Park.Can you help me find one?
It will be great to watch at Guild Theatre,tell me please at what time can I watch it.
In 9th of this month it will be great for me.
I wish to watch a movies shown in Morgan Hill. So Find it in that place.
No, Not at all. Please search for other movies. Will you search for movies shown in Union City and I like to watch at Century Union Landing location.
No, Not interested . Find some other movies, will you find me 3d movies
At what time i shall able to watch that movie? Whether i could able to watch it on 2nd of this month.
Can you find me a 3D movie to watch?
Please find me movies in Brentwood.
I don't like those. Show me movies in Pleasant Hill.
I'd like to see it on 2nd of March.
I am in Antioch, can you search for nearby movies?
I am more interested in fantasy movies, can you give me movie recommendations for the AMC Deer Valley?
I want to see the movie on the 4th of this month.
Can you search a movie shown in Palo Alto? I want to watch a movie.
Pillow Talk sounds good. What time is the movie?
I am planning to watch a regular show on 5th of this month.
I am looking for a movie in Alameda.
Give me some more choices please Check the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex for an imax show.
Next Friday would be perfect for me.
I really want to watch a Fantasy movie. Is there anything available?
I'm in Campbell. I'd like to go to Pruneyard Cinemas.
I want to watch the imax show next Friday.
Please search for movies showing in Mill Valley.
Please find out the screening times for 3d shows.
Yes, I'd love to watch it later today.
I am planning to catch a movie with my friend later. Can you recommend a 3d movie?
I want to know what movies are showing in Emeryville. I am particularly interested in movies of the Thriller genre.
I would like to catch the movie on 8th of March. Can you find me the screen times for this show on that date?
Can you find me a 3d show at the Guild Theatre at Menlo Park?
Red Joan will work. what times are avaliable for the 9th of this month.
Can you tell me what movies are playing at Century Cinemas?
In San Leandro. I'd like to watch the 3d show.
Breakthrough sound great! I'd like to watch it on the 2nd. What time is it playing?
Can you look for movies in Livermore?
No thanks. I like adventure movies and I want to watch an Imax show.
2nd of March.
How about Friday next week at Livermore Cinema?
I want to watch a 3d movice in Emeryville.
I want to watch the movie on the 8th at AMC Bay Street.
Hi, I would like to search for movies currently shown at Albany Twin.
I would prefer movies shown in Albany.
Not yet, what are the available time slots for this movie next Tuesday?
Can you find me a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield?
Sure. Search any kind of movies in Fairfield.
I'd particularly like a 3d movie.
No, not at this moment? At what time is it screening? I'd like to go on the 1st of this month.
Can you help me search for movies that are playing in Emeryville?
I like Comedy movies, can you please help me find one?
Missing Link is perfect. What time would I be able to watch it? I would like to watch it on the 8th of this month.
I want to watch something in Imax in San Francisco
I don't really like any of those. How about some Drama films? I want to watch it at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
The Mustang sounds good. What are the times if I want to watch it Wednesday next week?
I want to find a movie to watch. I like comic movies. I want to watch at Century Napa Valley.
I want to watch a 3D show. Can you search for movies in Napa?
I want to watch it on the 1st of March.
I am interested in watching adventure movies in imax show.
I want you to have a search for movies which are shown in walnut creek
I feel Shazam is good for me and i want to watch it in Century Walnut Creek and what is the show time?
I am interested in watching the movie on Monday next week.
I want to watch in San Ramon
On 2nd of this month.
Can you search for movies in San Jose.
I want to watch 3 Below Theaters and lounge.
Mary Magdalene is good I would like to watch it this Saturday a imax show.
Check what's playing in Union City please.
I wanted to go to the movies next Thursday.
Look for movies in San Jose.
No, can you find an imax show in Concord?
I want to see it on Wednesday next week.
I'm looking for something to do with my evening. What movies are showing in San Jose?
I'm thinking today at the AMC Eastridge.
I want to watch a movie in Union City.
I want to watch a Scary movie in imax.
I want to see it on March 7th.
I want to watch a movie that's been shown in Fairfield.
No.I'll buy tickets later. Can you find a 3d show?
The 1st of this month.
San Jose, so search for movies there.
Actually, Breakthrough sounds great. I want to see it on the 3rd so what times is it playing then?
Can you find me a movie? I'm in the mood for action
In Oakland please
The day after tomorrow please
I want to watch a Rom-com movie.
I am looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
I want to go on the 1st.
I'm looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
No. What's showing at Summerfield Cinemas?
I'm looking for an imax show this Saturday.
I'm in Oakland.
I wanna watch it on 1st of this month.
I want to see it at Century Union Landing. What movies are playing in Union City?
I'd like to see it on Saturday this week.
I want the see the 3d version on the 1st of this month. Is it showing then?
I want to watch a movie at AMC Bay Street
Searc in Emeryville, please
Yes, I want to watch a imax show: what time is it?
On later today
I think that I want to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
Does SF have any movies showing?
I think we should do Suburban Birds. I think I want something regular on the 17th. Do you have any times?
Can you look for movies in SF.
Can you please look for some other movies, I'd like to see an imax show.
Can you find some other movies I'd like to go see them at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. Any kind of movie will do.
Oh yeah, what time is the movie? I'd like to watch it on the 8th?
I like Ghost movies. Search for movies in San Jose.
I want to see it Tuesday next week
Can you tell me which movies are playing at Lark Theater, please. I'd like to find a good one to watch.
Search for movies in Larkspur.
Shine a light sounds perfect. When is it screening? Any show type is OK.
I'd like the 1st of March, if possible.
I would like to see a movie in San Ramon.
I am more in to adventure movies. Could you look for some different movies. Also, I would like to watch at THE LOT City Center.
I would like to watch the regular showing next Monday. What time do they have available, then?
I would like to see a thriller movie located in Brentwood.
What are the show times at AMC Brentwood?
Definitely on March 5th. Is it available
Can you show me movies in San Jose.
No they don't sound like my cup of tea. What about a 3d film.
I want to go next Friday.
Would you look for theaters around Emeryville? That's where we're eating.
I'd like to see something at the AMC Bay Street. Preferably a comic book-type movie. If you can find one of those, that would be great!
I forgot. I wanted to see it on Imax and March 8th would be the date.
Please search for movies in downtown San Fran.
I want to know when I can go see that movies. What are the regular show times?
I would like to see this movie on the 2nd.
Can you tell me what's on in San Francisco.
What time is it playing on 3rd of March.
I want to find an imax movie to watch later tonight.
I am located near Hillsborough.
I'd like to try and watch it on the 1st of March.
San Jose. I want to watch a regular show.
No, something else, in 3D, please.
On the 3rd.
I like Life history movies and want to find a movie to watch. I would like to watch Century at Hayward.
Please find movies in Hayward.
Breakthrough sounds great. What time is it available to watch? I am interested in a regular show.
I want to see it on the 7th.
I would like to watch a 3d movie.
I would like movies in Petaluma.
No not at present. What time is it on? I am interested in showing on the 4th at Boulevard Cinema.
I would like hear about movies being played in Brentwood.
No not right now, can I have the show times and can you look for the movie in 3d?
I would like to watch a imax show on the 2nd of this month.
I feel like being spooked out. Can you help me find some scary movies?
Please look for movies showing in Campbell.
The Curse of La Llorona works good for me. What time is it showing? I'd like to go on the 9th.
I want to find a comedy movie. Search for movies now showing in Oakland.
Let's try something else. I want a regular show. Something like a Biographical movie.
No, not right now. What time does it play? I also want to watch Regal Jack London next Friday.
I want to watch a movie, can you search for movies shown in San Jose.
I want to go on the 11th, at 3 Below Theaters And Lounge.
Can you find for movies shown in Santa Clara.
I like to watch imax show on 1st of March.
I wanna go to the cinema. I don't mind the theatre.
Can you search movies in San Francisco?
Dumbo is perfect. What time can I watch it? I'd like to watch it on March 3rd.
Can you search for movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I would like to see After. Any type of show is fine. What times is it showing?
I'd like to see it on the 1st of this month.
Search for Fantasy movies in San Jose.
No, I don't want to buy the ticket right now. Can you find me the timing of the movie on March 1st at Cinemark?
What are some movies playing in Emeryville right now?
On the 4th of this month.
Give me a 3d show.
I am in Petaluma.
What times are available on the 2nd of this month at Boulevard Cinema.
I'm in San Francisco. Try searching for movies shown there.
Can you find some other movies? I want to watch one at an imax show in the AMC Metreon nearby.
March 2nd would be nice.
I am in San Francisco, can you search for movies in this city?
Can you give me more movie recommendations, I want to see an IMAX show and I do like seeing comic movies.
At what time can I watch the movie, if I plan on seeing it on the 1st of this month?
I would like to find movies shown in Moraga tonight.
Lets watch it on the 2nd of this month and right now I will watch a regular T.V. show.
What movies are being shown in Healdsburg?
I want to see it 1st of March, in imax, at Raven Film center.
I wish to search for a movie at Tiburon Playhouse.
Could you please find the movie in Tiburon?
I wish to see it on the 9th.
Can you find me a movie shown in Vallejo
Can you search regular show movies shown in Santa Clara
Any other movies available?
Long shot sounds great. I want to watch on the 11th at AMC Mercado
I want to watch a movie in Larkspur. I want to watch some Horror movies.
What are the showtimes for the 1st of March?
I'm in Redwood City. Are there any Adventure movies playing at Century Redwood City?
On March 4th.
I'm looking for a movie at CineLux Tennant Station.
Something in Adventure at Morgan Hill, a regular show.
Shazam sounds good, what times are there for Monday next week?
Look in Santa Rosa.
What time is After playing later today?
I'm looking for a movie to see preferably in Livermore.
I'd like to see High Life. I'd like to see a 3d show. What time could I see it?
The day after tomorrow.
Find movies in the Santa Rosa area please.
Eh, I kind of want to watching something a little more regular. Can you find what is playing at the Airport Stadium Cinemas?
I plan on going to the theater Friday next week.
Find me please a movie to watch at Airport Stadium Cinemas
In Santa Rosa search me please.
It will be perfect for me to watch on next Friday.
Hey, I want a movie. Find me one in San Ramon, please. A good one this time!
Cool, but find some other ones too please. I love Adventure movies.
Yeah, I heard of that one! I want to see Shazam then. What showtimes are there today? Actually I'm free on the 2nd.
I prefer Union City.
Can you find some other choices? I prefer an adventure movie at Century Union Landing.
I would like to see it at an imax show on March 4th.
Please find me a non-fiction movie at the Roxie Theater.
Please search in the San Francisco area.
No. That's ok. I'm interested in the time for a regular show.
Let's try the day after tomorrow.
Can you help me find an adventure movie showing in concord?
I'd like to go watch it next wednesday.
I'm looking for a 3d movie in Brentwood.
No. Also, you can look at any theatre.
On the 7th.
I'm really bored. Can you find me a movie to watch in Union City?
Hotel Mumbai! Yes! Will there be a showing at Century Union Landing?
I am looking for movies in San Ramon.
I am not interested in those, are there any Adventure movies?
What are the schedules for the movie on the 2nd of March?
I wanna find a movie to watch. Can you search for movies in Alameda?
Nope, not now. What time can I watch it? I wanna watch it at Alameda Theatre & Cineplex. Any type of show is fine.
I wanna watch it on the 1st.
I want to watch a Suspense movie at Century Cinemas.
Century Cinemas is in San Leandro.
I want to go on March 3rd.
Yes. Search in San Bruno.
I want to want at Century at Tanforan, find some other movies.
I want to watch on 1st of this month.
Can you check for a regular showing of a horror movie in Redwood City.
Please check the 1st of this month.
Can you help me find a Comic movie?
I also like drama movies. Can you find a movie in Sebastopol?
Can you find other movies? I want to see an IMAX movie at Rialto Cinemas.
March 1st.
Life is very enthuastic and energitic , i need to enjoy it almost every moment in my life. Will you find a movie to watch? Any type of movies is opt for me.
Find movies in San Francisco area?
I want it on Saturday this week.
whether any other time is available and i need to watch a imax show and need to watch at Embarcadero Center Cinema.
Can you help me find Biographical movies to watch? It's been a while since I've seen one in the theatre.
I'm looking for movies in Morgan Hill.
Breakthrough is perfect. Are there any times for the 3rd?
Can you try March 1st at CineLux Tennant Station?
Can you find me an Imax movie Show?
search for me in Sebastopol.
make a search for 1st of this month.
Find me a movie in Santa Clara.
I'm planning on going to see it on the 4th of this month, as I have off from work. I'm hoping to catch the imax show at AMC Mercado.
I want to watch a a imax movie. I love the Ghost movies.
Show me movies for Mountain View.
Tomorrow at Century Cinema
I'm searching for movies to watch. I prefer Drama movies
Could you search for movies in Menlo Park.
What time can I see it? I want to watch on the 9th and a 3d show.
Pleasant Hill.
Anything else? I am looking for Scary movies.
Curse of La Llorona sounds great. Is it playing on 6th of March?
I'd like to see the movie in Union City, and I'd like it to be a Thriller movie.
I'd like to see it on March 2nd, and I want it to be a 3d show.
Somewhere in San Fran.
Tell me what is showing at the CineLux Tennant Station in Morgan Hill.
Not right now. What times are available. I'd liek to see it in Imax if possible.
On the 1st of March.
Can you search for movies shown in Sonoma?
I want to watch the movie on 9th of this month, can you tell me the timing?
Can you find movies being shown in Vallejo?
Do you know the time I can watch it? I want it to be an imax show.
Probably later today.
Make it San Bruno
No. Maybe look at the Century at Tanforan
I'll go on March 1st, a regular screening
What are some movies I can watch in Hayward?
What time can I watch it on Wednesday next week?
I'm looking for a movie to watch at THE LOT City Center.
I'm in San Ramon, so search for movies near there.
I'm not interested in any of those, can search some more. And I want to watch the movie in imax.
No, don't get me tickets. But can you tell me what time I can see it. I want to see it on March 1st?
I am looking for a regular movie to watch.
Search for Morgan Hill.
March 1st please.
I will have some free time coming up and am thinking I might go see a movie. What movies are showing in Alameda at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
No, are there any adventure movies showing in 3d?
I will probably be going on the 2nd.
I love adventure movies a lot and I want to see one of those. Can you find me a movie like that in San Jose? Preferably IMAX too, please.
I want to watch it on the 1st of this month. Are there any good showtimes at AMC Saratoga?
Look for movies shown in Martinez
Find other movies and any type of show
I want to watch it today
I want to find a Suspense movie to watch in Moraga.
Not right now. What time can I watch it at Rheem Theatre?
I want to see it on the 2nd.
Please search for movies showing at the Pruneyard Cinemas in Campbell.
What time can I watch an imax show?
March 2nd would be perfect.
I want to find a 3d movie.
I'll be in Brentwood. Could you look for movies there?
We'll be ready to watch it on the 1st of March.
I enjoy documentary movies. Are you able to look for movies showing in Morgan Hill?
No, not right now. What is the time that I can see it? I want to see it on the 3rd.
I live in San Bruno.
I would love to see Dumbo! Can I see it this Saturday?
I'd like to find a movie to watch. I like all movies.
Can you help me find movies showing in Newark?
I'd like to watch it on the 5th.
I'd like to go somewhere in Oakland.
I'd like something else. I forgot to mention but I'm into Comic movies.
I'd like to go on the 7th.
Please can you look for a good movie to watch for this week end, might be in San Jose?
Do you mean the adventurous movies? Nope, Please find something else for I like all kinds if its good to watch.
Yup, Little would be perfect. What time is the show? Do they have 3d shows? Will tickets be available to watch at CineLux Almaden?
Probably, on March 8th.
Hello, could you help me find a movie currently showing in Oakland?
What are the showtimes for this movie at New Parkway Theater?
I would like to watch it on 5th of March.
I want to go out to watch a movie in San Francisco, can you search for options?
Please keep searching. I'd like to see a drama at the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
Red Joan is perfect! What time can I see a 3d show on March 5th?
I would like to see a movie at the AMC Bay Street.
Please search for movies in Emeryville.
No. Please search for a Comic imax show.
I would like to watch the movie Friday next week.
I'd like to watch a movie at Reading Cinemas Rohnert Park.
I'm in Rohnert Park. Please find me a scary movie.
No, not at the moment. What are the available times for March 1st?
My brother and I want to go see an adventure movie, can you help find one?
Alameda is a good half way point between my brother and I , let's search there.
What time is the movie playing at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
How about tomorrow.
find me a movie to watch please. Any show will work
please search Mill Valley for movies.
How about on the 1st.
Santa Rosa. Any good movies around here?
What time is After playing? I would like to see a regular show at Roxy Stadium Cinemas.
Preferably, the 1st of this month.
Its Santa Clara, so please search for movies nearby.
Is there anything else, any type of movie will do.
I want to watch it at AMC Mercado, on the 4th of this month.
Search for movies in Vallejo.
the 2nd of this month.
Look for movies in San Fran.
What else is there? I want to see an imax movie.
The 1st of this month at Presidio Theatre.
Please search for movies in San Francisco.
I want to watch something different like a 3D show. And I want to see it at Century San Francisco Centre.
How about Thursday next week.
I am in San Francisco.
I want another movie. Any theater in Moraga is fine.
I want to see it tomorrow.
Is there another time? I want to see it on the 5th of this month.
I am feeling bored. Is there any Fantasy movies laying?
I want to see the movie in San Fran.
I would like to see it on the 9th of this month.
I want to go out in Petaluma, can you see what movies there are?
Can you see what else there is? I'm in the mood for adventure films. Can you look at Boulevard Cinema?
The 4th of this month
I'm in San Jose, please find me a movie to watch around here.
Breakthrough sounds great, thanks. I'd like to see it in 3D, when is it on?
On the 3rd of this month, if possible.
I'd like to look for a film to watch. I like adventure films.
Could you look for films shown in Napa?
I'd love Captain Marvel. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch a regular show.
I'd like to watch it on the day after tomorrow.
I'm in Larkspur.
No, not yet. But what time will I be able to watch a regular show?
I want to watch it on March 7th.
I prefer movies shown in Santa Rosa.
No thank you. Can you search for movies showing at Century at Tanforan in San Bruno.
Can you please list other movies? I'd prefer a regular show.
On the 5th please.
I want all kinds of movies
Find movies in San Leandro
I wanna watch at the Century Cinemas
I wanna see it on the 2nd
I feel good right now and would like to watch a movie. Can you search for movies shown in San Bruno?
Can you search for another one? I would like to watch Century at Tanforan.
What time is the movie available on Tuesday next week?
I want a 3d movie to watch.
Can you search in San Jose?
Find something else. Can you show what is on in Union City?
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it on? I want to watch at Century Union Landing.
I want to see it this Saturday.
Find me movies showing around Brentwood.
Find me some other movies showing at AMC Brentwood.
What's the showtime for Pet Sematary on next Tuesday?
Can you search for movies in Santa Rosa.
Please find some other movies at Airport Stadium Cinemas.
I want to watch 3d show on 1st of March
I want to see a movie in San Fran.
I'd prefer something else, in Menlo Park, any theater.
The 9th of March.
Look in Morgan Hill.
What time later today is Pet Sematary playing?
My friends came to my house and i am in joyful mood .will you find any adventure movies to watch along with my friends?
find any movies which is shown in Daly City?
Can you tell me the time i shall able to watch that movie on 4th of March at Century Daly City?
I would like to watch a regular show. Please search in San Jose.
I would like to know what time it's playing at the West Wind Capitol Drive-in?
Look up for 1st of March please.
I want to watch a movie at Sonoma Cinema.
I want to find movies in Sonoma.
Are there any other movies? I want to watch something in 3d.
Shazam! sounds great! I want to watch in Tuesday next week. What times are there?
I want to go out to watch a movie, can you find me some good shows in Pleasant Hill?
I like the sound of The Curse of La Llorona. What time can I watch it if I want to see a regular show at Century Downtown?
I want to watch it on 6th of this month.
Find me movies in Morgan Hill.
Find me something else like a regular show.
No, now right now. I want to see it at CineLux Tennant Station on the 4th of this month. What time is it playing then?
Show me movies in Santa Clara. I would prefer a regular show.
I think Dumbo sounds great. What are the timings for it and I want to see it on the 1st.
I'd like a location in San Ramon.
I'd like a Ghost movie. Can you find anything else?
Do you know screening times for this movie for Saturday this week.
Any other showtimes? I'd prefer watching it in 3d at Regal Crow Canyon.
Could you look in Union City?
It will be on the 7th of this month.
I am in Alameda.
March 2nd please.
I would like to see a Fantasy movie.
I want to see a movie in Mountain View.
I would like to see Dumbo. What time is it showing at ShowPlace ICON?
Any time on the 1st of March
My friend and I are looking for a movie to go to. What movies are showing in San Rafael?
Actually, what time is the movie. I want to see it in an imax theater.
I am hoping to go on the 1st of March.
I am looking for movies being show in San Jose.
No, find some other movies. Search for movies being shown in Santa Rosa instead. Any type of movie is fine.
What time can I watch it on March 2nd at 3rd Street Cinema.
I would like to find a movie to watch in Sonoma.
I want to watch a 3d showing of it on the 5th of March.
search for movies shown in SFO
I would like to see it tomorrow
I wanna see Embarcadero Center Cinema and in imax
Could you find films shown in San Ramon for me?
Please look for other films. I would like to watch at The Lot City Center.
Little is the one for me. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch it today.
I want to go to the movies. Is there something in theaters in Newark?
I want to go the 1st of this month.
Around SFO would be good.
Body Double sounds good. What time is it showing on the 15th of March at the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema
Could you help search for movies shown in Livermore?
Could you help find movies of the Adventure genre?
I would like to watch it on the 2nd.
I would like to find the movie at AMC Mercado
In Santa Clara and would like to watch a regular show.
Can you fin another movie.
On Saturday this week.
I have a lot of leisure time and i am going to make use of it. Will you find a movie to watch? Actually i like Drama kind of movies
Is it possible to check for movies shown in Albany? I need to watch a regular show.
Ok Red Joan is perfect. Please tell the time to watch it. I prefer the date is on the 5th
I'd like to go to the AMC NewPark.  Can you tell me what movies are showing in Newark?
I want to see Captain Marvel.  Are tickets available on the 3rd?  I'd rather see it in 3d.
I am in the Santa Clara area.
What time does Hotel Mumbai play at AMC Mercado IMAX?
I want to go see it today.
At the Concord area. I want to watch an Adventure movie at the Veranda Luxe Cinema. 
Sometime on the 6th of this month. 
I've always been interested in edwards fairfield. are there any biographical movies showing?
Can you do a search for any movies in fairfield?
The 2nd of March would be great and if you could book a regular show that would be even better!
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
I'm specifically looking for movies in Fremont. 
I'm interested in Hotel Mumbai, thanks. What are the times this movie is available? I'd like to watch a regular show. 
Tomorrow would be great, thanks. 
I would like to watch a movie in 3d from the Drama movie genre that I like.
Could you find me movies in Menlo Park?
I think I would like to see it on March 9th.
I want to find a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield.
Please search for movies shown in Fairfield.
I want to watch The Curse of La Llorona.  What time is an imax show available on March 1st?
Can you search for movies at Stanford Theatre around Palo Alto?
How about the 5th of this month?
I would like to watch a Biographical movie near Morgan Hill.
No, not now. I want to watch it at regular show times at CineLux Tennant Station. What time can I watch it?
This Sunday.
I like crime movies. Can you search for movies shown in San Francisco?
What times do they have available for me to watch it? I want to watch it This Saturday. I want to watch a Imax Show. 
I want to watch it at Century at Hayward. 
What times could I watch it? Are there any imax shows?
I want to watch it this Saturday.
I really enjoy Biographical movies and was thinking of watching Century at Hayward.
No. I would like to watch it on the 7th, and nothing fancy a regular show please.
Can you find me an IMAX showing of a comedy movie?
Search for movies in the San Francisco Area, specifically at the Balboa Theatre.
I want to watch the movie on 15th of March, are there any timing available on that day?
I'd like to see a Fantasy movie, what is playing at Contra Costa in Martinez?
I was thinking a regular showing on March 8th would be good. 
I was thinking about seeing a 3d movie at the Lark Theater. Can you search for the movies playing in Larkspur right now?
I want to see it Friday next week.
I want to find Animation movies that are 3d showing in Santa Rosa tonight.
Tomorrow please.
I'm looking for a comedy to watch in San Jose at the AMC Saratoga. What movies are available?
I want to go on the 2nd of March.
Hey, could you please find me regular movie tickets for Friday next week at 22:45?
I'd like three tickets, please.
Please search for IT two in Milpitas.
I would like to watch an imax show on the 5th of this month. I want 1 ticket.
I want to watch Hustlers in Livermore at ten in the night.
Can you get me one ticket to the movie Hobbs and Shaw in San Leandro?
Can you find me an imax show on the 6th of this month at night 10:30?
Hey. Can you help me purchase two movie tickets to a showing Wednesday next week in Santa Rosa?
I would like to see a regular showing of Hustlers. Look for something in Livermore around 21:45.
I wish to purchase movie tickets to watch it on Wednesday next week.
I wish to see a 3d show.
I wish to see The Lord of the Rings at evening 6.
I wish to see movies depicted in Livermore and I need one ticket.
Please try again. I wish to see a imax show at 6:15 in the evening.
I'd like 4 tickets to watch the show at nine pm.
I'd like to watch IT2 in imax.
Find me shows for the 8th in Campbell.
I would like 1 ticket to see a 3D movie called Ad Astra.
I would like the 16th of March, in San Francisco at seven pm.
I need to buy it in Pittsburg.
I need the tickets for regular show for the movie Overcomer on 2nd of March.
Buy 1 ticket for the show time night 10.
Can you get me tickets to watch the movie Good Boys on the 9th of this month?
I'd like four tickets to the regular show t half past 9 in the night.
In Santa Rosa please.
Search please some movies shown in Newark on Wednesday next week because I want to buy tickets.
Imax show will be perfect.
Hustlers will be perfect for four people at 22:15.
Please get me tickets to the movie Official Secrets.
I just want one ticket to a regular show on 4th of March.
I need Santa Rosa at 8:15 in the night.
Hi, I'm wanting to see a movie. I want something at 8:30 pm.
Just regular please.
I want IT two. I need 4 for the Brentwood theatre.
I want tickets for March 7th.
I want to watch the regular showing of Ad Astra tonight. I want to watch the showing at night 9 pm-ish
I want to watch on the night of the 16th of March, and I only need one ticket in San Jose
I would like to watch the show at 10:30 pm.
I want one ticket for Saturday this week.
I want to watch a regular show of Angel Has Fallen shown in Concord.
No. I would like to book 2 tickets in Newark.
I would like to buy a movie ticket in San Jose at 11 o"clock in the night.
I want to book three tickets for regular show.
I want to want Angel has fallen on day after tomorrow.
I want to go half past 6 in the evening to see the show.
I want to watch the imax on the 9th to watch The Lord of the Rings three.
I want to watch the movie in Santa Rosa. Can you check there?
I only need 1 ticket for the movie.
I'm looking for two movie tickets for Good Boys.
I want to see the a regular show in Milpitas.
I want to see IT Chapter Two on the 7th of March.
I want to see it at eleven pm.
I'd like to get movie tickets to go watch After The Wedding.
I would like to see a regular show on March 10th in the San Jose area.
I think I'd like to get 1 ticket for the evening 7:30 pm showing.
Please give it a go again and look in San Francisco. I'd like a showing at 6:30 in the evening for Fiddler: A Miracle of Miracles.
I'd like 1 regular movie ticket for a show this Sunday.
I'd like to find a showing of Brittany Runs a Marathon in San Francisco.
I'm interested in 3d shows at 6:45 in the evening. You can search in Palo Alto as well.
No, I'm sorry. I need to make that 2 tickets for March 9th.
Can you find a regular show at around 2:30 in the afternoon?
Find tickets for the movie Farewell.
I'm going on a date so I will need two tickets please.
Can you search for something in Santa Clara on the 1st of march.
I'd like to see an imax show actually.
I'd like to see Chhichhore in Santa Clara. Just one ticket is good.
This would be Tuesday next week.
Yes, I'd like to go at 22:30 if possible.
I need movie tickets for Toy Story Four, now please.
I need it in Union City at 11 in the night. I need four tickets.
Regular, please.
I want today.
Can you try again? But I want Angel Has Fallen at quarter past 10 in the night.
I want three tickets
I need to watch it on 1st of March at night 10:15.
i am interested to watch a regular show
I need to watch 47 Meters Down
Search for movies in San Jose
I will need 2 tickets, please.
I would like 1 ticket for IT Chapter Two in Union City on the 3rd of this month.
I prefer a regular showing. Please get a ticket for the showing at 11 in the night.
Find me movies in San Francisco.
I need just one ticket, and a showing at 21:15 would be perfect.
Yes. I'd like to see This Is Not Berlin.
I'd like just a regular show, and something on the 4th of this month would be best.
Can you find me seats for Once Upon a Time In Hollywood?
I would prefer to see it around 10:30 in the night.
The date would be March 4th, just a regular show is find, some kind of movie around San Ramon would do.
Just two of us.
I would like four tickets to IT2 on March 3rd in Mountain View.
Let's make that a regular showing at 22:45.
Actually, you know what, I changed my mind. I think I want to watch Hustlers in Santa Clara, can you search there please?
I want to catch a night showing, maybe around quarter to 7 in the evening?
It's gonna be 3 of us
I wanna watch IT Chapter Two on the 7th, preferably in Mill Valley
A regular one is fine for us
I'm interested in getting 2 movie tickets please, something for a regular show.
I want to see something on Wednesday next week, around ten pm or so. And I'm in San Rafael.
Yeah, I want to see Hustlers.
Let's try that ticket purchase again please. How about a 10:45 pm imax show?
Whoops, let's make that next Friday instead. And I think I want to go in Santa Clara.
I want 2 tickets at 11 in the night.
I like Brittany Runs a Marathon.
Please find movies shown in Redwood CIty on the 2nd, I want a regular show.
No, please search movies shown in Palo Alto at evening 7:15.
No, I want Stage Door.
I would like to go to a theater in Mill Valley. I only need one ticket.
I was hoping to see IT2. A regular show would be fine.
I am thinking the 2nd of March would be a good day.
Yes, thanks for asking. I would like to visit at 6:45 in the evening.
I'm looking for some 3d movie tickets in San Jose.
I need 1 ticket for a movie at 8:15 pm.
I want to see it on the 5th of March.
I want to watch The Load.
Hey, can you help me get movie tickets to IT Chapter Two.
Only 1 ticket.
I want to go on March 6th. And I'm located in San Jose.
I think an imax showing would be cool. And I want to see it at the evening 7:45. Also can you look for shows on the 1st in San Ramon?
Wait, no. Can I actually do 3d.
I would like to buy a movie ticket in Concord on the 9th for four people.
I would like to watch Hustlers.
I want to watch in a imax show at 9:30 in the night.
I want to go out this evening. How about some tickets to see a movie at quarter past 6 in the evening?
I want to see Luce at Oakland on the 2nd of March.
A regular show would be ok.
Just 1 would be needed.
I want to purchase film tickets to a regular movie. Could you look for films playing in Santa Clara?
I'd like to view it on March 9th.
I desire 1 ticket.
I'd like to see Hustlers.
I'd like to see the film at 11 in the night.
Can you attempt to buy again? I'd like to watch it at Walnut creek on next Tuesday, during night 9:45.
I want to watch The Farewell in 3d
I'm going on a date so I need 2 tickets on Saturday this week in SF
Our date is gonna be at night so maybe at quarter to 7 in the evening?
Can you buy me movie tickets for movie shown in Rohnert Park?
I want 2 tickets for the show on March 1st.
I would like to watch Good Boys.
I would like to watch it at night 9:45.
I prefer imax show.
I need one ticket to a regular show.
I want to see Hustlers in Brentwood at 7:30 pm.
On the 3rd of this month.
Could you try March 4th at 10:30 pm in Santa Clara.
Just 1 ticket please.
Just a regular show, nothing special.
I want to watch Good Boys at 22:00.
Please find movies in Santa Rosa on March 2nd.
I was thinking about going to the cinema, I need three tickets.
A regular show is just fine. The movie is Good Boys and the date is the 5th of this month.
Nine pm.
Brentwood please.
I find boring myself to proceed in my routine life. i need a break so i plan to watch movies. will you buy movie tickets. i like to watch the show at 7 pm.
I like to watch The Lord of the Rings three and i need it on 6th of this month.
I need 1 tickets that should be a imax show.
i need to watch at IT2. Will you search for movies that shown in Mill Valley?
Hi, could you help me find some nice Action movies to watch please?
A show in Danville will be great.
Likely at 6:30 pm.
Four tickets for later today please.
An IMAX show will be great!
Are there any Cartoon movies showing at imax in Union City?
There will be two of us.
If I had my rathers I'd like the tickets for Wednesday next week for a 10:15 in the night showing.
I want to spend my free time by watching a nice Movie like the one with Dramatic Story. Can you find something for me and I want to watch it at Century 20 Oakridge and XD.
Search it in San Jose.
Book the show at ten pm.
Please try for some other time like half past 10 in the night on March 5th for a regular show.
Search for me movies shown in Napa.I would like to watch at Century Napa Valley and XD.
Find me something else.I want to watch a regular show.
At 22:15 will be okay.
Three tickets will be great.
I want four tickets for tomorrow.
I am interested in seeing an Imax show, preferrably a cartoon movie. Would you search for this in Santa Rosa?
I am interested in seeing the movie on the 4th at the quarter to 5 in the evening show and would lke 3 tickets.
Would you please try purchasing the tickets again but for 1 ticket to the quarter past 4 in the evening movie later today?
Can you find me a regular movie show that I can watch in Santa Rosa?
I think After the Wedding would be perfect. Can you get me three tickets for the 4:30 pm show on March 10th?
Can you check whether tickets are available for the show at quarter to 4 in the afternoon on March 7th?
I want to search for the movies in Mountain View.
Make it on 2nd of this month.
Book it for one person at ten in the night.
No, regular show is enough to me.
Find movies in Larkspur. I would like a 3d show.
I'd like to watch it on 7th of this month. I need two tickets.
I want to watch the show at afternoon 3:30
I'd like to find a movie to watch. Would you find me movies in Santa Rosa? A regular show would be good.
Good Boys is excellent. I'd lik to buy four movie tickets for 9:15 pm.
I'd like to watch it on Tuesday next week.
Can you find me a movie to watch at a Regal Jack London theater in Oakland? It should be a regular show.
Reserve 2 tickets for the movie at 21:45 for next Thursday.
I want to find a movie in Campbell.
Can you find some other movies? Find something at the Balboa Theatre in SFO.
A regular show.
I need 2 tickets for the 2:30 pm show on March 10th.
Try Healdsburg please.
A regular show is fine. I need one ticket for 7:45 pm.
Actually can you make that a 3d showing for later today?
Can you start your search by looking for Eccentric Story movies in the San Fran area?
I will need three tickets for the 8:15 pm show if available.
I think we would all much prefer the 3d show.
The March 2nd show I think will be the best option.
Can you find me a movie to watch in Berkeley?
I want to watch the 21:15 imax please
Can you look for movies showing in Healdsburg?
I would like to see an imax show tomorrow and I would like two tickets.
I would like to see the show at half past 8 in the night.
I would liek to watch a Scientific fiction in San Bruno at Century at Tanforan and XD.
I would like two tickets.
I would like to go on the 10th at 11:30 in the night.
I would like a regular show.
Somewhere close to home so I don't have to drive far would be great, start with Brentwood.
I prefer a regular show, playing at 7:45 pm, on the 16th.
It will only be me, so 1 is fine.
Hi, could you get me a regular Imaginative fiction movie in Hayward please?
I will need 3 tickets for the 9:45 pm movie on the 10th of this month.
I want to search for it in San Jose and I would like to prefer a 3D show.
I want to find some other movies and I think Supernatural movies will be perfect for me and search for the one showing at AMC Saratoga.
I want to watch it at 8:30 pm and please buy 2 tickets.
Book it on the 7th.
Please change the date and time to 1st of March at half past 9 in the night.
Also book for 4 tickets.
I'd like to look for a film to view at the raven Film Center. Could you look for a film playing in Healdsburg? I'd like to view a 3d film.
I'd like to view the film on the 2nd of this month.
I'd like to view the show during 5:15 in the evening.
I am interested in going for a movie in mountain view. Can you help in this?
I would like to buy tickets for the movie Ad Astra and want to see it on 10th of this month at 22:00. I need 3 tickets.
Regular show is okay for me.
Can you search for movies in Santa ROsa.
i need 1 tickets.
I need to watch at half past 11 in the morning. i want to watch a regular show.
Can you find me a regular screening of a Supernatural genre movie at AMC NewPark
Can you look in the Newark area?
IT2 is great! Buy me three tickets for the 10:15 in the night showing on the 10th of March
I need it at Century 20 Great Mall and XD, for movies in Milpitas. I want to see Action.
I want it at 10 o"clock in the night on the 2nd of March.
I want a regular one.
I need 2 tickets.
I want to watch it in Dublin.
I need 2 tickets for the movie on Tuesday next week at 11 o"clock in the night.
I like to prefer with regular one.
I would like to watch a regular show at 3rd Street Cinema in Santa Rosa.
I would like to go in the evening 4:45.
I would like to watch it next Thursday.
Will you search for movies shown in Santa Rosa.
Fiddler is the right one. I want to buy movie tickets for 1 ticket.
I'd like to watch a regular show.
I would like to watch the show at 11:15 am on the 9th.
I am looking for a movie to watch at AMC NewPark.
Can you look for the movie in Newark?
47 Meters DOwn: Uncaged sounds great. Can you book me 1 movie ticket for the regular show at two in the afternoon.
I would like to watch it on Sunday this week.
I want to find movies in Palo Alto.
Ladykillers is perfect. Can you buy me some tickets for quarter to 8 in the evening? I want to watch the movie in 3d.
Get me one ticket for March 1st.
Hi, could you help me find a regular show to watch at Roxy Stadium Cinemas in Santa Rosa please?
I need two tickets for the movie at half past 9 in the night.
On the March 3rd please.
Can you help me find movies in El Cerrito?
I'd like to see the movie on Sunday this week at 19:15. A regular show is fine.
I'd like four tickets.
I need to find a movie in Santa Rosa.
I would like to purchase 2 tickets.
No. This Saturday would work better.
Anything in Mill Valley?
Anything at seven in the evening on March 1st. I would like three tickets.
Just a regular show.
I need you to find me movies in San Jose
I prefer Ad Astra and need four tickets
I have to see a regular show movie at 10:30 in the night
I prefer to see it on 16th of this Month
Can you please help me find a 3d family movie shown in San Jose.
Farewell is great. I'm buying tickets for ten pm on 4th of March.
Just one ticket.
I want to search it in San Leandro.
Yes, Overcomer is good and I want to purchase the tickets now. Please buy one ticket on March 7th for the show time at 10:30 pm.
I need to watch a Imax Show. Make it accordingly.
will you find me movies in Hayward?
Please find some other movies, I need to watch movies at CineLux Tennant Station. Will you find movies which are shown in Morgan Hill?
Hobbs and Shaw is Perfect and i like to buy movie tickets. I need to watch it a regular show and the day is on this saturday.
I need to watch the show at 9:30 pm.
i need 3 tickets.
Would you look in San Jose for some movies to see?
Look around for some other movie options, such as a Dramatic story.
See if you can find some other movies in San Rafael please.
I want to get some movie tickets to a 3d show of A Faithful Man. It' sounds great.
I need 3 tickets to see it on the 8th of this month for the evening 6:15 show.
I want to watch a movie at Century 25 Union Landing and XD. I like dramatic story movies.
Look for movies in Union City.
I want 1 ticket to a regular movie on Friday next week.
I want to watch it at quarter to 11 in the night.
I would like a regular drama movie at Regal Crow Canyon.
Please look in San Ramon,
I would like 3 tickets for Hustlers at quarter past 7 in the evening.
On the 3rd of March.
I'm after an Imax film at Century Blackhawk Plaza in Danville can you tell me whats on?
Just one please
Let's look for movies in Oakland.
Let's get three tickets.
I'd like to see the show at night 10 on the 2nd. I'm fine with a regular show.
Hi, could you help me search for some nice Anime movies please?
I'm at home alone and it is awfully quiet, so it's the perfect time to sit back and watch a movie. Can you find me a movie with Michaela Watkins starring in it and preferably directed by Paul Downs Colaizzo?
Are there any movies with actor Josh Gad in them?
I want to find a good film to watch with Duane Whitaker and I want something directed by Quentin Tarantino.
I would like to find a movie to watch in the Imaginative fiction genre.
i want to watch a movie, maybe a thriller directed by Riley Stearns.
I want to watch a movie that Ian Hendry is in.
I saw that already. I would rather see a family genre directed by Herbert Ross.
I'd like to watch a movie directed by Alex Kendrick.
I want to watch a Zoe Bell movie.
Can you find me a nice movie directed by James Gray to watch?
I would like to choose a movie to watch. Can you help me find a movie in the Comic genre with James Corden in it?
It's suppose to be raining all day so I'm cooped up in the house and bored. Can you help find me a movie to watch, preferably one that is classified as a Comic and directed by Nitesh Tiwari?
Okay, let's try something else. How about a movie directed by Gene Stupnitsky instead?
Can you find me a thriller movie directed by Alexander Mackendrick?
I want to watch a McKinley Belcher III movie. I want something directed by Simon Curtis. It should be a drama.
I want to watch a movie staring Daniel Camp and directed by Herbert Ross.
Can you find a movie. I'm interested in a movie by the director Quentin Tarantino.
Let me enjoy movie directed by Nitesh Tiwari, is there any one?
My friend and I want to go see a movie but we can't find one we like. We really want to see a Drama.
Yeah, we already saw that one. Is there anything directed by Hari Sama?
Hey I need help finding a movie please, I like movies by Satoshi Kon.
Find me a movie directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Anything else, preferably something with Eugene Dynarski?
I would like to find an Exotic movie.
Yes, okay,but I need to find some other movies especially the one directed by Jovanka Vuckovic. Do you have something like this in your options?
I'm looking to watch an action movie directed by David Leitch starring Alex King.
Can you help me search for a Horror movie to watch?
I have some leisure time so that i could watch a movie. Will you find me a movie directed by Kirill Mikhanovsky and find something like Comedy-drama genre?
I'd like to find something an Eccentric story movie to watch. What do you recommend?
I like to watch a movie. will you find me a movie which has sterling K. Brown as a actor and it should be directed by Thurop Van Orman
I want to watch a suspense movie directed by Josephine Decker.
Can you help me find a movie to stream in the Play genre?
I wish to see the movie which is directed by David Leitch and acted by Lori Pelenise Tuisano.
I want to see a movie by Peter Jackson that is a Fantasy.
Not interested. Any other movies which are directed by QUentin Tarantino? type of movie should be Cult genre.
Anything else? I like films directed by Steven Spielberg in the Imaginative fiction genre.
What other movies are there? I want something with Conleth Hill in it.
Please find other results. I like movies directed by Martin Scorsese, and I also like seeing a documentary.
I want to watch a Comic movie with Gordon Tanner.
Can you find me a Romance movie to watch?
Can you find me a drama movie to watch? One staring Taraji P. Henson
Anything else you can find in particular Ghost genre directed by Michael Chaves.
Any others? Find something in the Comic genre.
Any others? I'm looking for something directed by Jonathan Levine, and starring O'Shea Jackson Jr.
Can you find me a movie to watch, directed by Morton DaCosta? I'm looking for a specific one.
I am in mood of watching a Drama movie, so I want to find one.
Can you see if there are some other movies? I usually enjoy watching a film directed by Alfred Hitchcock, and for the film to be starring ALix Talton.
Can you find me a Romance movie starring Haaz Sleiman?
I'm having some friends over and need a movie to watch. Please find me some movies in the comic genre.
I want to watch a movie but am having a hard time finding anything good in all these titles. Can you find me something that stars Jeff Harding?
What else do you have? I like funny movies.
Can you find me a movie directed by Claire Denis?
Anything else? What about movies directed by Iain Softley. Or something that's a Drama?
I'd like to watch a Gladys Holland movie
Can you find a drama film for me?
Anything else? I want something directed by Robin Bissell and starring Sam Rockwell.
Have anything else with Huang Lu?
Find me a movie directed by Anna Boden in the Adventure category.
Hi i need a help, me and my friends are looking for movie to watch, we all are interested to watch patric knowles movies, could you find me his movies?
I just want to relax tonight and watch a movie. Anything directed by Tina Gordon would be good.
I'd like to watch a movie directed by Malik Bendjelloul
I am looking for a movie directed by Elaine May to watch. Find something starring Rose Arrick.
I want to watch a movie, preferably something by Jenny Gage. The romance genre would also work.
Can you find a movie for me to watch that was directed by Michael Chaves?
What else is there. I'm watching with my wife so maybe a Rom-com would be good.
How about something else like a comic film directed by Morton DaCosta?
No, don't really fancy that one either. Can you see if there's anything else? We quite like fantasy films, especially stuff directed by Neil Marshall.
I would prefer a movie with Frederick Preston
I'd like to see a movie, any genre is fine
I am looking for a funny movie.
I want a movie directed by Harry Elfont and starring Harmoni Everett.
I need to find a movie, any type works
Do you have any movies with Mike Colter?
Can you find me a movie? One that stars Michael Cumpsty.
Can you find a movie for me with Shayn Solberg?
How about something from Tom McCarthy or something starring Jacqueline Brogan?
Can you find me a movie directed by Harry Elfont?
Find me movies staring Alan Arkin
Will you find me movies directed by Tom McCarthy starring Walter the Dog?
I am in San Jose. Also I want to see a 3D movie.
Yes, please find me some other movies. I want to see something at CineLux Almaden.
March 5th.
I like Horror movies and would also like to see a movie in Concord. Can you search for one there?
I am thinking of going on March 2nd and I would like to see it at Veranda LUXE Cinema.
Make it movies in Santa Clara
I'll see it this Saturday
A friend and I want to see an imax show at CineLux Tennant Station. What movies are out?
What fantasy movies are being shown in Morgan Hill?
No, not right now. What times is it playing on March 2nd?
I'mm interested in seeing an imax movie in Petaluma.
I plan on seeing it on the 2nd of March.
I am currently at Sebastopol, could you find for movies currently showing in this area?
What are the show times available for this movie? Would it be possible on the March 5th for a 3d version of this movie?
I'm in Livermore.
No, not right now. I want to watch it on Tuesday next week, at Livermore Cinema.
I really want to find a movie to watch. I was thinking we could go to an imax show.
What movies are showing in Fremont?
Shazam! sounds great. What time is it showing on the 8th of March?
can you search for movies shown in San Jose.i like Adventure movies.
I like Documentary movies. could you try again?
Can you search for moveis shown SFO. I want to watch at Roxie Theater. Please find some other movies.
I want to watch a regular show. I want to want it on 3rd of this month.
Hey, I'm looking for a movie to watch in Oakland. Is there anything available?
Please find some different movies. Any showing is fine.
March 7th, please.
I'm currently looking at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. I want to watch a movie on a big imax screen. Can you find some good movies in the San Francisco area?
Yeah, Knock Down The House sounds good. When does this movie start? I want to go see it on the 8th of March.
I need to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
Can you find a movie shown in SFO.
I like to watch it on 9th of this month.
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Livermore Cinema.
Are you able to find movies playing at Livermore?
After sounds great! I plan on watching it on the 2nd of this month. Can you tell me what time is the showing?
Could you help me finding a movie to watch in Union City, please?
could you please find me something else, like a scary movie at Century Union Landing?
Curse of La Llorona is perfect. What time can I watch a imax on the 7th
Find me a good flick in SFO.
Nah. Find me something regular.
Keep going. I'm flexible.
On March 1st.
I am in Brentwood, there are a few theaters. What movies are around here?
I don't like those options. Show me imax shows.
CineLux Delta Cinema Saver is the closest theater I think. I want to see it on March 2nd.
I want to find a movie to watch, Can you search for the movies shown in Petaluma?
No, I don't want to purchase now. What time can I watch it? I want to watch a 3d show.
I want to watch is on March 4th. I want to watch at Boulevard Cinema
I need to find a movie to watch in Livermore. I'd like to see an imax show.
Look for something else. Something regular.
Not right now. When is it showing at Vine Cinema?
I'd like to see it on the 2nd of this month.
I'd like to discover a film to watch. Can you search for San Bruno shown films.
How long can I watch it? Every theater is okay.
I'm waiting to see it on 2nd of March .
I live in Walnut Creek.
Not right now? I just want to know showtimes on March 2nd.
Hi. I want to find a comedy movie to watch at Century Oakridge. Can you help me with that?
I'm in San Jose.
No, I don't want to purchase tickets now. But can you tell me when I can see it? I want to see it in 3d next Tuesday.
What movies are showing in San Jose? I really want to go see a movie.
Nah, those aren't what I'm looking for. What imax shows are out?
Oh, sorry. I would like to see it on the 9th of March.
I'm in Union City, can you suggest any movies there?
I want to watch a regular showing on the 5th.
Can you show me movies shown in Morgan Hill.
No, I want to watch it on Sunday this week. What times is it showing?
I want to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
No thanks. I like fantasy movies. Can you now search in Campbell?
On the 2nd.
Im looking to watch a movie that is in 3d.
I want to watch the movie at Boulevard Cinema. Can you find movies that are showing in Petaluma? I enjoy comedy movies.
I would like to watch the movie on the 4th.
Hey, I want to go see a movie. Any theater is cool for me.
I am in Santa Rosa and want the closest theater. What movies are there now?
Find some more options, please. I want to see 3rd Street Cinema.
Yes, The Upside is what I want to see then. What are the showtimes for today?
Brentwood, please. I'd like to watch an Adventure movie at AMC Brentwood.
Not at the moment. I'd like to watch an imax show, what are the available times?
March 2nd, please.
I would like to watch a regular show at the Century at Tanforan. Could you make the search for movies in San Bruno?
The 5th of this month would be perfect.
I am looking for a 3d suspense movie in Santa Clara.
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it showing at AMC Mercado?
the 1st please.
It's movie night! I'm trying to decide what to watch. Can you find movies shown in Sonoma?
I'd like to see it on March 5th.
I'm looking for a movie to watch tonight. My favorites are scary movies.
A theater in Berkeley would be most convenient.
I want to go sometime today. I think the United Artists Berkeley would be the closest to where I am.
Can you find a funny movie for me at AMC Brentwood?
Find a 3d movie in Brentwood.
I want to go later today.
Is there another show time? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
Find movies in Larkspur
Not now, what times are available and any theatre is fine.
1st of this month
I would like to find a 3d movie to watch.
Could you search for movies playing in Union City. Preferably at Century Union Landing.
No, I don't want to buy tickets now. What times are the movies playing? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I haven't seen a new movie a months. Can you find me an Imax show in Campbell to watch?
Can you tell me if it's playing on the 2nd at Pruneyard cinemas?
I'm looking for a Comedy to watch in a theatre today, can you help me pick one?
I'm in Oakland right now.
Not really - can you find some others? I'd like to go to the New Parkway Theater, a regular show, nothing 3D, they make me queasy.
I'm thinking the 7th of this month.
I want to go to the movies. Find me a drama
In Sebastopol
I want to see Hackers on the 7th of this month. What time does it play?
I would like it in San Bruno.
This Saturday at Century at Tanforan.
Search for movies being shown in Newark.
Can you find some other movies at AMC NewPark.
Find some other movies, any type of movie is fine.
What time can I watch the movie on the 2nd?
My friend and I want to watch a movie at Century Daly City
I am in Daly City - can you find Adventure movies for us?
Shazam! sounds good! What times are available on the 4th of March?
I want to watch a imax show for movies in Fremont.And I want to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
I like adventure movies.Please find some other movies.
Shazam! is perfect.I want to watch it on Friday next week . What time can I watch it?
I am in Vallejo
I want to watch Captain Marvel. What time do they have available
I want to watch on March 2nd
I'm on Oakland. Can you show me movies from here?
I changed my mind. Can you show me regular shows?
It's not necessary to buy now. What time on March 1st can I watch it?
Please look for a movie in Emeryville.
Yes, Teen Spirit would be great. What time is an imax showing playing?
I want to see the movie on the 1st of this month please.
San Francisco.
On the 15th.
My friend and I are looking to watch a movie later. Can you find movies in Walnut Creek?
We would like to see Little. Is there any times available for Tuesday next week?
Please can you look for some good movies in Santa Rosa of Sonoma County?
Not exactly for the debut movies but might for the latest one. Please can you suggest some other movies? If you can find the one shown in Oakland, that would be perfect.
Nope, I would like to watch Funny movies especially a imax show. Please can you find any such movies?
I will be available on March 9th. That day would work.
in Pleasant Hill, Is there any nice movie you can find here?
Yes, I need to clarify, at what time, I can watch this movie on 2nd of this month.
I'm in Brentwood
Long Shot sounds perfect. What are the show times? I would like to watch a 3d show.
I prefer the 1st of March.
I am looking for a movie to watch. Can you find movies that are showing in Morgan Hill?
Please look for other movies. Are you able to do a search for movies in Emeryville? I would like to see something in IMax.
Teen Spirit will be perfect. What time will I be able to watch it? I would like to see it at AMC Bay Street?
I would like to see it today?
Can you search around Sebastopol?
Can I have some more options? And can you search in Union City?
9th of March.
I'm in Berkeley. Any good movies here?
I would like to go today.
I'd like to see a movie at Century Rowland Plaza.
I'd like to see an imax movie in Novato.
I'd like to see it on March 1st.
Can you search in Brentwood.
Please find some other movies in San Ramon. Any theatre is fine.
I want to watch 3d show, pls find other movies
No. I want to watch on 2nd of March. What time can i watch?
Can you find me a movie to watch at CineLux Tennant Station
Look for movies in Morgan Hill
Captain Marvel sounds perf. What Time can I watch? I want a regular show time
On march 7th.
I'd like to a show. Can you help me find a 3d movie near me?
I'm in Cloverdale.
I'd like to see it on the 2nd.
I feel like watching a movie. What's available in San Jose?
Can you search for other ones? Something at CineLux Almaden.
The Curse of La Llorona is great. What time is it available in March 5th?
This week, I have a lot to do and meeting to attend. I think I'll deserve some time to relax and watch a movie, something I could really use your help choosing. I want to see a Non-fiction movie that I can watch on imax. You have any ideas for me?
Please recommend a movie that's showing in San Bruno.
Please set the date for the 8th of March.
I want to find movies in San Ramon.
I want to see it on Saturday this week.
What's the address for Cinelux Tennant Station?
Do you know which movies are showing in Morgan Hill?
Is there a imax show nearby?
March 2nd is perfect for me.
I want to watch a movie in San Francisco.
Find some comic movies. I want to watch at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
I want to watch tomorrow.
Look for movies shown in SFO.
I want to watch it at Embarcadero Center Cinema on the 2nd of this month.
A fun movie is on the agenda for our upcoming family night out. It's kind of a big deal because we're still celebrating graduation, and we want to see a movie that's 3d, lighthearted and rated for all ages. What's your take on a movie recommendation, please?
How about a search in San Ramon. Any kind of movie is fine, just as long as it's fun.
Okay, I expect we'll go see the movie on the 5th at THE LOT City Center.
I want movies shown in Union City.
I prefer tomorrow at Century Union Landing. Whatever type of show is absolutely fine.
Search for movies in SFO please.
Can you find some other movies? I like the War genre.
Aftermath sounds great! What are the showtimes for IMAX showings?
I want to see it on the 1st.
Can you help me find movies in Oakland?
I'd like to see it at New Parkway Theater on the 10th of March.
It will be fine in SFO
Try some other particularly in Vallejo, imax show.
On 2nd of March.
Yeah, I have changed the date to March 1st and at Century Vallejo.
Find theaters playing 3D movies in San Jose.
Find Drama movies on imax.
This Saturday.
I am going to watch a movie at the Piedmont Theatre
Have you tried searching for movies in Oakland
I will purchase a ticket later what time will be good so I can watch a imax show
How about the 7th of March
What are some flicks in Oakland?
Dr. Strangelove sounds good. I don't care about the theater, but what times are available?
I'd like to catch it on the 10th.
Search for movies only shown in Vacaville.
Try to find movies shown in Albany.
On the 5th at Albany Twin will be good.
Please find a movie in San Francisco.
Please check the showtimes for this Saturday.
Is it on at any other times? I'd actually like to go to the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
I need the movies being shown in Brentwood.
No, something else. An imax show is what I am looking for.
I am planning to watch it on March 2nd.
Search for movies at Menlo Park.
I would like to see it March 9th.
Is it available at another time? How about on March 4th?
Find movies in SF.
I want a 3D showing, on March 2nd, at the Vogue Theatre.
I wish to see a move at AMC NewPark.
Kindly find a movie in Newark.
Could you please search for some other movies? I wish to see a Fantasy movie at imax show.
I wish to see it on the 1st.
Can you search a comic movie for me?
I am in Santa Clara, can you search here?
search for March 11th.
I would like to watch a horror movie.
Search for movies in San Jose area
Tuesday next week would be best
Can you find movies in Martinez?
The 9th of this month and I would like a regular show.
I would like to go to Vine Cinema in Livermore.
I would like to watch it on the 3rd.
I would like to search for movies in Santa Rosa, please.
I would like to watch the movie at any theater today.
I want movies in Vacaville.
Not right now. What time can I see the show? I want to watch a regular show.
I want to watch it tomorrow.
I'd like to find a movie to watch at Century San Francisco Centre.
Help me find movies showing in San Francisco.
How about next Thursday?
In Vacaville please
No I want something else. What's playing in San Bruno. I don't care which theater.
On the 2nd of this month. Does it come in imax?
The Redwood City
the Century Redwood city the March 1st
San Rafael, please. I'd like to see a Drama movie.
March 1st, please.
Can you search Larkspur for Drama movies?
Lets go see Transit, What time is it? Ill go to any theater.
Next Tuesday is when i want to see it.
I want to find a movie to watch at AMC Saratoga.
Search for 3d movies in San Jose.
Please find movies in Union City.
Could you find some other movies? I prefer Adventure movies.
I wish to see it on March 4th.
Are there any good movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I would like to see it on March 2nd in a 3d showing.
I feel like going to the movies. I'd like to go see a 3d movie at Guild Theatre.
Can you look for films which are playing in Menlo Park?
Red Joan sounds great. What time is it playing on March 9th?
Search for movies playing right now in Napa.
Let's go with Sunday this week.
Comedy movies are my favorites.Search for me movies shown in SF .I would love to watch a imax show.
I want to watch at Century San Francisco Centre the movie Missing Link .At what time can it be?
I would like to be on 1st of this month.
I would like to see a movie in Santa Rosa.
Dumbo would be great, what are the playing times on March 1st at any theater.
I'm looking for movies in Santa Clara.
What time is the movie showing at AMC Mercado?
Wednesday next week.
I am in Oakland, so can you find me any nearby movies?
I am interested in seeing something else, preferably at the Regal Jack London.
The Best of Enemies sounds good to watch, can you tell me 3d showtimes for Saturday this week?
I'd like to watch a movie at THE LOT City Center.
Look for movies plating San Ramon.
I'm looking forward to seeing it on the 1st.
Can you find movies in Albany?
Next Tuesday please.
I would like to go to an Imax movie, can you find me a Comedy to watch?
I'm located in Oakland.
Gloria Bell would be good - I'd like to see it on the 9th of this month, what time does it start at?
I want to find a movie to watch at Century Walnut Creek.
Can you search for movies shown in Walnut Creek? I'd like to watch a regular show.
No, not now. What are the viewing times and dates? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I would like to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
I would like to watch it on the 1st of March.
I'm in Santa Rosa. I'm in the mood for a fantasy movie.
I want to go on 6th of March, to a regular show at 3rd Street cinema.
I'm in San Francisco. What's available?
No, I want something else please. Any theater will do.
Please find something else. I'm interested in drama movies. Are there any regular showings available?
I am looking for showtimes on the 17th.
I want to see a movie in San Bruno. What's available?
No, what else is there? I want to see a regular show.
What time is it? I want to go to Century at Tanforan.
I'd like to go on the 1st.
I want to watch a movie in SF
I want Horror movies
I am available to watch on 7th of this month
Can you search movies in San Ramon.
I would like Scary movies. I would like to watch THE LOT City Center.
Can you find some other movies, I like all kinds.
I would like to see Little. I would like to watch it on March 1st.
I like Biographical movies, can you search for movies shown in Vallejo? I want to watch a 3d show.
Monday next week would be superb. I'd prefer to see it at Century Vallejo
What's showing in San Jose?
What time is it showing at CineLux Almaden?
I am available on the 3rd.
I would like to go to a movie in San Ramon. Can you tell me what movies are playing?
The 9th is the date I am looking to watch it.
Can you do a search for me? I'm looking for 3d movies in San Jose.
I'm in San Ramon, please find a movie there.
No, I don't need tickets right away. What time is their imax showing?
Please check the 9th of this month.
Find me movies in Union City.
I'd like to watch it on the 7th of March.
I'd like to see an imax show at Century at Pacific Commons. I want to watch it.
Can you check for a movie in Fremont?
When can I see it on the 8th of March?
Please look for movies in SFO.
Please find some other options in imax.
What time is the showtimes on March 1st?
Can you find all movies in Pleasant Hill?
On the 2nd of this month, I want to watch a 3d movie. Can you tell me what 3d movies are playing near me?
Hey, they got any Fantasy movies playing at THE LOT City Center?
Look in San Ramon.
The 1st of this month. Look for the 3d version.
I want to watch movie. Any kind of movie works for me.
Can you find movies playing in Martinez.
Missing Link is great! What time I see it? I want to see it on the 1st of March at Contra Costa.
Can you find me movies shown in Emeryville
Please find some more movies. I would like to watch at AMC Bay Street for a 3d show.
Pet Sematary is so good. What time can I watch it? My preferred date is March 8th.
Could you try once? I wanna watch it on Saturday this week.
Find me a regular movie to watch.
I am in Concord.
I want to see it on March 1st.
I want to find a movie to watch. I want to watch a regular show.
Can you search for movies shown in SF.
I want to watch it on 2nd of March.
My husband and I want to watch a 3d movie. Where is the closest place?
I'm in San Jose. Can you look around there?
No, Sunday this week when we have a babysitter. We want the CineLux Almaden.
I would love to see a 3d show in Menlo Park.Can you help me find one?
It will be great to watch at Guild Theatre,tell me please at what time can I watch it.
In 9th of this month it will be great for me.
I wish to watch a movies shown in Morgan Hill. So Find it in that place.
No, Not at all. Please search for other movies. Will you search for movies shown in Union City and I like to watch at Century Union Landing location.
No, Not interested . Find some other movies, will you find me 3d movies
At what time i shall able to watch that movie? Whether i could able to watch it on 2nd of this month.
Can you find me a 3D movie to watch?
Please find me movies in Brentwood.
I don't like those. Show me movies in Pleasant Hill.
I'd like to see it on 2nd of March.
I am in Antioch, can you search for nearby movies?
I am more interested in fantasy movies, can you give me movie recommendations for the AMC Deer Valley?
I want to see the movie on the 4th of this month.
Can you search a movie shown in Palo Alto? I want to watch a movie.
Pillow Talk sounds good. What time is the movie?
I am planning to watch a regular show on 5th of this month.
I am looking for a movie in Alameda.
Give me some more choices please Check the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex for an imax show.
Next Friday would be perfect for me.
I really want to watch a Fantasy movie. Is there anything available?
I'm in Campbell. I'd like to go to Pruneyard Cinemas.
I want to watch the imax show next Friday.
Please search for movies showing in Mill Valley.
Please find out the screening times for 3d shows.
Yes, I'd love to watch it later today.
I am planning to catch a movie with my friend later. Can you recommend a 3d movie?
I want to know what movies are showing in Emeryville. I am particularly interested in movies of the Thriller genre.
I would like to catch the movie on 8th of March. Can you find me the screen times for this show on that date?
Can you find me a 3d show at the Guild Theatre at Menlo Park?
Red Joan will work. what times are avaliable for the 9th of this month.
Can you tell me what movies are playing at Century Cinemas?
In San Leandro. I'd like to watch the 3d show.
Breakthrough sound great! I'd like to watch it on the 2nd. What time is it playing?
Can you look for movies in Livermore?
No thanks. I like adventure movies and I want to watch an Imax show.
2nd of March.
How about Friday next week at Livermore Cinema?
I want to watch a 3d movice in Emeryville.
I want to watch the movie on the 8th at AMC Bay Street.
Hi, I would like to search for movies currently shown at Albany Twin.
I would prefer movies shown in Albany.
Not yet, what are the available time slots for this movie next Tuesday?
Can you find me a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield?
Sure. Search any kind of movies in Fairfield.
I'd particularly like a 3d movie.
No, not at this moment? At what time is it screening? I'd like to go on the 1st of this month.
Can you help me search for movies that are playing in Emeryville?
I like Comedy movies, can you please help me find one?
Missing Link is perfect. What time would I be able to watch it? I would like to watch it on the 8th of this month.
I want to watch something in Imax in San Francisco
I don't really like any of those. How about some Drama films? I want to watch it at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
The Mustang sounds good. What are the times if I want to watch it Wednesday next week?
I want to find a movie to watch. I like comic movies. I want to watch at Century Napa Valley.
I want to watch a 3D show. Can you search for movies in Napa?
I want to watch it on the 1st of March.
I am interested in watching adventure movies in imax show.
I want you to have a search for movies which are shown in walnut creek
I feel Shazam is good for me and i want to watch it in Century Walnut Creek and what is the show time?
I am interested in watching the movie on Monday next week.
I want to watch in San Ramon
On 2nd of this month.
Can you search for movies in San Jose.
I want to watch 3 Below Theaters and lounge.
Mary Magdalene is good I would like to watch it this Saturday a imax show.
Check what's playing in Union City please.
I wanted to go to the movies next Thursday.
Look for movies in San Jose.
No, can you find an imax show in Concord?
I want to see it on Wednesday next week.
I'm looking for something to do with my evening. What movies are showing in San Jose?
I'm thinking today at the AMC Eastridge.
I want to watch a movie in Union City.
I want to watch a Scary movie in imax.
I want to see it on March 7th.
I want to watch a movie that's been shown in Fairfield.
No.I'll buy tickets later. Can you find a 3d show?
The 1st of this month.
San Jose, so search for movies there.
Actually, Breakthrough sounds great. I want to see it on the 3rd so what times is it playing then?
Can you find me a movie? I'm in the mood for action
In Oakland please
The day after tomorrow please
I want to watch a Rom-com movie.
I am looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
I want to go on the 1st.
I'm looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
No. What's showing at Summerfield Cinemas?
I'm looking for an imax show this Saturday.
I'm in Oakland.
I wanna watch it on 1st of this month.
I want to see it at Century Union Landing. What movies are playing in Union City?
I'd like to see it on Saturday this week.
I want the see the 3d version on the 1st of this month. Is it showing then?
I want to watch a movie at AMC Bay Street
Searc in Emeryville, please
Yes, I want to watch a imax show: what time is it?
On later today
I think that I want to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
Does SF have any movies showing?
I think we should do Suburban Birds. I think I want something regular on the 17th. Do you have any times?
Can you look for movies in SF.
Can you please look for some other movies, I'd like to see an imax show.
Can you find some other movies I'd like to go see them at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. Any kind of movie will do.
Oh yeah, what time is the movie? I'd like to watch it on the 8th?
I like Ghost movies. Search for movies in San Jose.
I want to see it Tuesday next week
Can you tell me which movies are playing at Lark Theater, please. I'd like to find a good one to watch.
Search for movies in Larkspur.
Shine a light sounds perfect. When is it screening? Any show type is OK.
I'd like the 1st of March, if possible.
I would like to see a movie in San Ramon.
I am more in to adventure movies. Could you look for some different movies. Also, I would like to watch at THE LOT City Center.
I would like to watch the regular showing next Monday. What time do they have available, then?
I would like to see a thriller movie located in Brentwood.
What are the show times at AMC Brentwood?
Definitely on March 5th. Is it available
Can you show me movies in San Jose.
No they don't sound like my cup of tea. What about a 3d film.
I want to go next Friday.
Would you look for theaters around Emeryville? That's where we're eating.
I'd like to see something at the AMC Bay Street. Preferably a comic book-type movie. If you can find one of those, that would be great!
I forgot. I wanted to see it on Imax and March 8th would be the date.
Please search for movies in downtown San Fran.
I want to know when I can go see that movies. What are the regular show times?
I would like to see this movie on the 2nd.
Can you tell me what's on in San Francisco.
What time is it playing on 3rd of March.
I want to find an imax movie to watch later tonight.
I am located near Hillsborough.
I'd like to try and watch it on the 1st of March.
San Jose. I want to watch a regular show.
No, something else, in 3D, please.
On the 3rd.
I like Life history movies and want to find a movie to watch. I would like to watch Century at Hayward.
Please find movies in Hayward.
Breakthrough sounds great. What time is it available to watch? I am interested in a regular show.
I want to see it on the 7th.
I would like to watch a 3d movie.
I would like movies in Petaluma.
No not at present. What time is it on? I am interested in showing on the 4th at Boulevard Cinema.
I would like hear about movies being played in Brentwood.
No not right now, can I have the show times and can you look for the movie in 3d?
I would like to watch a imax show on the 2nd of this month.
I feel like being spooked out. Can you help me find some scary movies?
Please look for movies showing in Campbell.
The Curse of La Llorona works good for me. What time is it showing? I'd like to go on the 9th.
I want to find a comedy movie. Search for movies now showing in Oakland.
Let's try something else. I want a regular show. Something like a Biographical movie.
No, not right now. What time does it play? I also want to watch Regal Jack London next Friday.
I want to watch a movie, can you search for movies shown in San Jose.
I want to go on the 11th, at 3 Below Theaters And Lounge.
Can you find for movies shown in Santa Clara.
I like to watch imax show on 1st of March.
I wanna go to the cinema. I don't mind the theatre.
Can you search movies in San Francisco?
Dumbo is perfect. What time can I watch it? I'd like to watch it on March 3rd.
Can you search for movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I would like to see After. Any type of show is fine. What times is it showing?
I'd like to see it on the 1st of this month.
Search for Fantasy movies in San Jose.
No, I don't want to buy the ticket right now. Can you find me the timing of the movie on March 1st at Cinemark?
What are some movies playing in Emeryville right now?
On the 4th of this month.
Give me a 3d show.
I am in Petaluma.
What times are available on the 2nd of this month at Boulevard Cinema.
I'm in San Francisco. Try searching for movies shown there.
Can you find some other movies? I want to watch one at an imax show in the AMC Metreon nearby.
March 2nd would be nice.
I am in San Francisco, can you search for movies in this city?
Can you give me more movie recommendations, I want to see an IMAX show and I do like seeing comic movies.
At what time can I watch the movie, if I plan on seeing it on the 1st of this month?
I would like to find movies shown in Moraga tonight.
Lets watch it on the 2nd of this month and right now I will watch a regular T.V. show.
What movies are being shown in Healdsburg?
I want to see it 1st of March, in imax, at Raven Film center.
I wish to search for a movie at Tiburon Playhouse.
Could you please find the movie in Tiburon?
I wish to see it on the 9th.
Can you find me a movie shown in Vallejo
Can you search regular show movies shown in Santa Clara
Any other movies available?
Long shot sounds great. I want to watch on the 11th at AMC Mercado
I want to watch a movie in Larkspur. I want to watch some Horror movies.
What are the showtimes for the 1st of March?
I'm in Redwood City. Are there any Adventure movies playing at Century Redwood City?
On March 4th.
I'm looking for a movie at CineLux Tennant Station.
Something in Adventure at Morgan Hill, a regular show.
Shazam sounds good, what times are there for Monday next week?
Look in Santa Rosa.
What time is After playing later today?
I'm looking for a movie to see preferably in Livermore.
I'd like to see High Life. I'd like to see a 3d show. What time could I see it?
The day after tomorrow.
Find movies in the Santa Rosa area please.
Eh, I kind of want to watching something a little more regular. Can you find what is playing at the Airport Stadium Cinemas?
I plan on going to the theater Friday next week.
Find me please a movie to watch at Airport Stadium Cinemas
In Santa Rosa search me please.
It will be perfect for me to watch on next Friday.
Hey, I want a movie. Find me one in San Ramon, please. A good one this time!
Cool, but find some other ones too please. I love Adventure movies.
Yeah, I heard of that one! I want to see Shazam then. What showtimes are there today? Actually I'm free on the 2nd.
I prefer Union City.
Can you find some other choices? I prefer an adventure movie at Century Union Landing.
I would like to see it at an imax show on March 4th.
Please find me a non-fiction movie at the Roxie Theater.
Please search in the San Francisco area.
No. That's ok. I'm interested in the time for a regular show.
Let's try the day after tomorrow.
Can you help me find an adventure movie showing in concord?
I'd like to go watch it next wednesday.
I'm looking for a 3d movie in Brentwood.
No. Also, you can look at any theatre.
On the 7th.
I'm really bored. Can you find me a movie to watch in Union City?
Hotel Mumbai! Yes! Will there be a showing at Century Union Landing?
I am looking for movies in San Ramon.
I am not interested in those, are there any Adventure movies?
What are the schedules for the movie on the 2nd of March?
I wanna find a movie to watch. Can you search for movies in Alameda?
Nope, not now. What time can I watch it? I wanna watch it at Alameda Theatre & Cineplex. Any type of show is fine.
I wanna watch it on the 1st.
I want to watch a Suspense movie at Century Cinemas.
Century Cinemas is in San Leandro.
I want to go on March 3rd.
Yes. Search in San Bruno.
I want to want at Century at Tanforan, find some other movies.
I want to watch on 1st of this month.
Can you check for a regular showing of a horror movie in Redwood City.
Please check the 1st of this month.
Can you help me find a Comic movie?
I also like drama movies. Can you find a movie in Sebastopol?
Can you find other movies? I want to see an IMAX movie at Rialto Cinemas.
March 1st.
Life is very enthuastic and energitic , i need to enjoy it almost every moment in my life. Will you find a movie to watch? Any type of movies is opt for me.
Find movies in San Francisco area?
I want it on Saturday this week.
whether any other time is available and i need to watch a imax show and need to watch at Embarcadero Center Cinema.
Can you help me find Biographical movies to watch? It's been a while since I've seen one in the theatre.
I'm looking for movies in Morgan Hill.
Breakthrough is perfect. Are there any times for the 3rd?
Can you try March 1st at CineLux Tennant Station?
Can you find me an Imax movie Show?
search for me in Sebastopol.
make a search for 1st of this month.
Find me a movie in Santa Clara.
I'm planning on going to see it on the 4th of this month, as I have off from work. I'm hoping to catch the imax show at AMC Mercado.
I want to watch a a imax movie. I love the Ghost movies.
Show me movies for Mountain View.
Tomorrow at Century Cinema
I'm searching for movies to watch. I prefer Drama movies
Could you search for movies in Menlo Park.
What time can I see it? I want to watch on the 9th and a 3d show.
Pleasant Hill.
Anything else? I am looking for Scary movies.
Curse of La Llorona sounds great. Is it playing on 6th of March?
I'd like to see the movie in Union City, and I'd like it to be a Thriller movie.
I'd like to see it on March 2nd, and I want it to be a 3d show.
Somewhere in San Fran.
Tell me what is showing at the CineLux Tennant Station in Morgan Hill.
Not right now. What times are available. I'd liek to see it in Imax if possible.
On the 1st of March.
Can you search for movies shown in Sonoma?
I want to watch the movie on 9th of this month, can you tell me the timing?
Can you find movies being shown in Vallejo?
Do you know the time I can watch it? I want it to be an imax show.
Probably later today.
Make it San Bruno
No. Maybe look at the Century at Tanforan
I'll go on March 1st, a regular screening
What are some movies I can watch in Hayward?
What time can I watch it on Wednesday next week?
I'm looking for a movie to watch at THE LOT City Center.
I'm in San Ramon, so search for movies near there.
I'm not interested in any of those, can search some more. And I want to watch the movie in imax.
No, don't get me tickets. But can you tell me what time I can see it. I want to see it on March 1st?
I am looking for a regular movie to watch.
Search for Morgan Hill.
March 1st please.
I will have some free time coming up and am thinking I might go see a movie. What movies are showing in Alameda at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
No, are there any adventure movies showing in 3d?
I will probably be going on the 2nd.
I love adventure movies a lot and I want to see one of those. Can you find me a movie like that in San Jose? Preferably IMAX too, please.
I want to watch it on the 1st of this month. Are there any good showtimes at AMC Saratoga?
Look for movies shown in Martinez
Find other movies and any type of show
I want to watch it today
I want to find a Suspense movie to watch in Moraga.
Not right now. What time can I watch it at Rheem Theatre?
I want to see it on the 2nd.
Please search for movies showing at the Pruneyard Cinemas in Campbell.
What time can I watch an imax show?
March 2nd would be perfect.
I want to find a 3d movie.
I'll be in Brentwood. Could you look for movies there?
We'll be ready to watch it on the 1st of March.
I enjoy documentary movies. Are you able to look for movies showing in Morgan Hill?
No, not right now. What is the time that I can see it? I want to see it on the 3rd.
I live in San Bruno.
I would love to see Dumbo! Can I see it this Saturday?
I'd like to find a movie to watch. I like all movies.
Can you help me find movies showing in Newark?
I'd like to watch it on the 5th.
I'd like to go somewhere in Oakland.
I'd like something else. I forgot to mention but I'm into Comic movies.
I'd like to go on the 7th.
Please can you look for a good movie to watch for this week end, might be in San Jose?
Do you mean the adventurous movies? Nope, Please find something else for I like all kinds if its good to watch.
Yup, Little would be perfect. What time is the show? Do they have 3d shows? Will tickets be available to watch at CineLux Almaden?
Probably, on March 8th.
Hello, could you help me find a movie currently showing in Oakland?
What are the showtimes for this movie at New Parkway Theater?
I would like to watch it on 5th of March.
I want to go out to watch a movie in San Francisco, can you search for options?
Please keep searching. I'd like to see a drama at the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
Red Joan is perfect! What time can I see a 3d show on March 5th?
I would like to see a movie at the AMC Bay Street.
Please search for movies in Emeryville.
No. Please search for a Comic imax show.
I would like to watch the movie Friday next week.
I'd like to watch a movie at Reading Cinemas Rohnert Park.
I'm in Rohnert Park. Please find me a scary movie.
No, not at the moment. What are the available times for March 1st?
My brother and I want to go see an adventure movie, can you help find one?
Alameda is a good half way point between my brother and I , let's search there.
What time is the movie playing at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
How about tomorrow.
find me a movie to watch please. Any show will work
please search Mill Valley for movies.
How about on the 1st.
Santa Rosa. Any good movies around here?
What time is After playing? I would like to see a regular show at Roxy Stadium Cinemas.
Preferably, the 1st of this month.
Its Santa Clara, so please search for movies nearby.
Is there anything else, any type of movie will do.
I want to watch it at AMC Mercado, on the 4th of this month.
Search for movies in Vallejo.
the 2nd of this month.
Look for movies in San Fran.
What else is there? I want to see an imax movie.
The 1st of this month at Presidio Theatre.
Please search for movies in San Francisco.
I want to watch something different like a 3D show. And I want to see it at Century San Francisco Centre.
How about Thursday next week.
I am in San Francisco.
I want another movie. Any theater in Moraga is fine.
I want to see it tomorrow.
Is there another time? I want to see it on the 5th of this month.
I am feeling bored. Is there any Fantasy movies laying?
I want to see the movie in San Fran.
I would like to see it on the 9th of this month.
I want to go out in Petaluma, can you see what movies there are?
Can you see what else there is? I'm in the mood for adventure films. Can you look at Boulevard Cinema?
The 4th of this month
I'm in San Jose, please find me a movie to watch around here.
Breakthrough sounds great, thanks. I'd like to see it in 3D, when is it on?
On the 3rd of this month, if possible.
I'd like to look for a film to watch. I like adventure films.
Could you look for films shown in Napa?
I'd love Captain Marvel. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch a regular show.
I'd like to watch it on the day after tomorrow.
I'm in Larkspur.
No, not yet. But what time will I be able to watch a regular show?
I want to watch it on March 7th.
I prefer movies shown in Santa Rosa.
No thank you. Can you search for movies showing at Century at Tanforan in San Bruno.
Can you please list other movies? I'd prefer a regular show.
On the 5th please.
I want all kinds of movies
Find movies in San Leandro
I wanna watch at the Century Cinemas
I wanna see it on the 2nd
I feel good right now and would like to watch a movie. Can you search for movies shown in San Bruno?
Can you search for another one? I would like to watch Century at Tanforan.
What time is the movie available on Tuesday next week?
I want a 3d movie to watch.
Can you search in San Jose?
Find something else. Can you show what is on in Union City?
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it on? I want to watch at Century Union Landing.
I want to see it this Saturday.
Find me movies showing around Brentwood.
Find me some other movies showing at AMC Brentwood.
What's the showtime for Pet Sematary on next Tuesday?
Can you search for movies in Santa Rosa.
Please find some other movies at Airport Stadium Cinemas.
I want to watch 3d show on 1st of March
I want to see a movie in San Fran.
I'd prefer something else, in Menlo Park, any theater.
The 9th of March.
Look in Morgan Hill.
What time later today is Pet Sematary playing?
My friends came to my house and i am in joyful mood .will you find any adventure movies to watch along with my friends?
find any movies which is shown in Daly City?
Can you tell me the time i shall able to watch that movie on 4th of March at Century Daly City?
I would like to watch a regular show. Please search in San Jose.
I would like to know what time it's playing at the West Wind Capitol Drive-in?
Look up for 1st of March please.
I want to watch a movie at Sonoma Cinema.
I want to find movies in Sonoma.
Are there any other movies? I want to watch something in 3d.
Shazam! sounds great! I want to watch in Tuesday next week. What times are there?
I want to go out to watch a movie, can you find me some good shows in Pleasant Hill?
I like the sound of The Curse of La Llorona. What time can I watch it if I want to see a regular show at Century Downtown?
I want to watch it on 6th of this month.
Find me movies in Morgan Hill.
Find me something else like a regular show.
No, now right now. I want to see it at CineLux Tennant Station on the 4th of this month. What time is it playing then?
Show me movies in Santa Clara. I would prefer a regular show.
I think Dumbo sounds great. What are the timings for it and I want to see it on the 1st.
I'd like a location in San Ramon.
I'd like a Ghost movie. Can you find anything else?
Do you know screening times for this movie for Saturday this week.
Any other showtimes? I'd prefer watching it in 3d at Regal Crow Canyon.
Could you look in Union City?
It will be on the 7th of this month.
I am in Alameda.
March 2nd please.
I would like to see a Fantasy movie.
I want to see a movie in Mountain View.
I would like to see Dumbo. What time is it showing at ShowPlace ICON?
Any time on the 1st of March
My friend and I are looking for a movie to go to. What movies are showing in San Rafael?
Actually, what time is the movie. I want to see it in an imax theater.
I am hoping to go on the 1st of March.
I am looking for movies being show in San Jose.
No, find some other movies. Search for movies being shown in Santa Rosa instead. Any type of movie is fine.
What time can I watch it on March 2nd at 3rd Street Cinema.
I would like to find a movie to watch in Sonoma.
I want to watch a 3d showing of it on the 5th of March.
search for movies shown in SFO
I would like to see it tomorrow
I wanna see Embarcadero Center Cinema and in imax
Could you find films shown in San Ramon for me?
Please look for other films. I would like to watch at The Lot City Center.
Little is the one for me. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch it today.
I want to go to the movies. Is there something in theaters in Newark?
I want to go the 1st of this month.
Around SFO would be good.
Body Double sounds good. What time is it showing on the 15th of March at the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema
Could you help search for movies shown in Livermore?
Could you help find movies of the Adventure genre?
I would like to watch it on the 2nd.
I would like to find the movie at AMC Mercado
In Santa Clara and would like to watch a regular show.
Can you fin another movie.
On Saturday this week.
I have a lot of leisure time and i am going to make use of it. Will you find a movie to watch? Actually i like Drama kind of movies
Is it possible to check for movies shown in Albany? I need to watch a regular show.
Ok Red Joan is perfect. Please tell the time to watch it. I prefer the date is on the 5th
I'd like to go to the AMC NewPark.  Can you tell me what movies are showing in Newark?
I want to see Captain Marvel.  Are tickets available on the 3rd?  I'd rather see it in 3d.
I am in the Santa Clara area.
What time does Hotel Mumbai play at AMC Mercado IMAX?
I want to go see it today.
At the Concord area. I want to watch an Adventure movie at the Veranda Luxe Cinema. 
Sometime on the 6th of this month. 
I've always been interested in edwards fairfield. are there any biographical movies showing?
Can you do a search for any movies in fairfield?
The 2nd of March would be great and if you could book a regular show that would be even better!
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
I'm specifically looking for movies in Fremont. 
I'm interested in Hotel Mumbai, thanks. What are the times this movie is available? I'd like to watch a regular show. 
Tomorrow would be great, thanks. 
I would like to watch a movie in 3d from the Drama movie genre that I like.
Could you find me movies in Menlo Park?
I think I would like to see it on March 9th.
I want to find a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield.
Please search for movies shown in Fairfield.
I want to watch The Curse of La Llorona.  What time is an imax show available on March 1st?
Can you search for movies at Stanford Theatre around Palo Alto?
How about the 5th of this month?
I would like to watch a Biographical movie near Morgan Hill.
No, not now. I want to watch it at regular show times at CineLux Tennant Station. What time can I watch it?
This Sunday.
I like crime movies. Can you search for movies shown in San Francisco?
What times do they have available for me to watch it? I want to watch it This Saturday. I want to watch a Imax Show. 
I want to watch it at Century at Hayward. 
What times could I watch it? Are there any imax shows?
I want to watch it this Saturday.
I really enjoy Biographical movies and was thinking of watching Century at Hayward.
No. I would like to watch it on the 7th, and nothing fancy a regular show please.
Can you find me an IMAX showing of a comedy movie?
Search for movies in the San Francisco Area, specifically at the Balboa Theatre.
I want to watch the movie on 15th of March, are there any timing available on that day?
I'd like to see a Fantasy movie, what is playing at Contra Costa in Martinez?
I was thinking a regular showing on March 8th would be good. 
I was thinking about seeing a 3d movie at the Lark Theater. Can you search for the movies playing in Larkspur right now?
I want to see it Friday next week.
I want to find Animation movies that are 3d showing in Santa Rosa tonight.
Tomorrow please.
I'm looking for a comedy to watch in San Jose at the AMC Saratoga. What movies are available?
I want to go on the 2nd of March.
I am in San Jose. Also I want to see a 3D movie.
Yes, please find me some other movies. I want to see something at CineLux Almaden.
March 5th.
I like Horror movies and would also like to see a movie in Concord. Can you search for one there?
I am thinking of going on March 2nd and I would like to see it at Veranda LUXE Cinema.
Make it movies in Santa Clara
I'll see it this Saturday
A friend and I want to see an imax show at CineLux Tennant Station. What movies are out?
What fantasy movies are being shown in Morgan Hill?
No, not right now. What times is it playing on March 2nd?
I'mm interested in seeing an imax movie in Petaluma.
I plan on seeing it on the 2nd of March.
I am currently at Sebastopol, could you find for movies currently showing in this area?
What are the show times available for this movie? Would it be possible on the March 5th for a 3d version of this movie?
I'm in Livermore.
No, not right now. I want to watch it on Tuesday next week, at Livermore Cinema.
I really want to find a movie to watch. I was thinking we could go to an imax show.
What movies are showing in Fremont?
Shazam! sounds great. What time is it showing on the 8th of March?
can you search for movies shown in San Jose.i like Adventure movies.
I like Documentary movies. could you try again?
Can you search for moveis shown SFO. I want to watch at Roxie Theater. Please find some other movies.
I want to watch a regular show. I want to want it on 3rd of this month.
Hey, I'm looking for a movie to watch in Oakland. Is there anything available?
Please find some different movies. Any showing is fine.
March 7th, please.
I'm currently looking at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. I want to watch a movie on a big imax screen. Can you find some good movies in the San Francisco area?
Yeah, Knock Down The House sounds good. When does this movie start? I want to go see it on the 8th of March.
I need to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
Can you find a movie shown in SFO.
I like to watch it on 9th of this month.
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Livermore Cinema.
Are you able to find movies playing at Livermore?
After sounds great! I plan on watching it on the 2nd of this month. Can you tell me what time is the showing?
Could you help me finding a movie to watch in Union City, please?
could you please find me something else, like a scary movie at Century Union Landing?
Curse of La Llorona is perfect. What time can I watch a imax on the 7th
Find me a good flick in SFO.
Nah. Find me something regular.
Keep going. I'm flexible.
On March 1st.
I am in Brentwood, there are a few theaters. What movies are around here?
I don't like those options. Show me imax shows.
CineLux Delta Cinema Saver is the closest theater I think. I want to see it on March 2nd.
I want to find a movie to watch, Can you search for the movies shown in Petaluma?
No, I don't want to purchase now. What time can I watch it? I want to watch a 3d show.
I want to watch is on March 4th. I want to watch at Boulevard Cinema
I need to find a movie to watch in Livermore. I'd like to see an imax show.
Look for something else. Something regular.
Not right now. When is it showing at Vine Cinema?
I'd like to see it on the 2nd of this month.
I'd like to discover a film to watch. Can you search for San Bruno shown films.
How long can I watch it? Every theater is okay.
I'm waiting to see it on 2nd of March .
I live in Walnut Creek.
Not right now? I just want to know showtimes on March 2nd.
Hi. I want to find a comedy movie to watch at Century Oakridge. Can you help me with that?
I'm in San Jose.
No, I don't want to purchase tickets now. But can you tell me when I can see it? I want to see it in 3d next Tuesday.
What movies are showing in San Jose? I really want to go see a movie.
Nah, those aren't what I'm looking for. What imax shows are out?
Oh, sorry. I would like to see it on the 9th of March.
I'm in Union City, can you suggest any movies there?
I want to watch a regular showing on the 5th.
Can you show me movies shown in Morgan Hill.
No, I want to watch it on Sunday this week. What times is it showing?
I want to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
No thanks. I like fantasy movies. Can you now search in Campbell?
On the 2nd.
Im looking to watch a movie that is in 3d.
I want to watch the movie at Boulevard Cinema. Can you find movies that are showing in Petaluma? I enjoy comedy movies.
I would like to watch the movie on the 4th.
Hey, I want to go see a movie. Any theater is cool for me.
I am in Santa Rosa and want the closest theater. What movies are there now?
Find some more options, please. I want to see 3rd Street Cinema.
Yes, The Upside is what I want to see then. What are the showtimes for today?
Brentwood, please. I'd like to watch an Adventure movie at AMC Brentwood.
Not at the moment. I'd like to watch an imax show, what are the available times?
March 2nd, please.
I would like to watch a regular show at the Century at Tanforan. Could you make the search for movies in San Bruno?
The 5th of this month would be perfect.
I am looking for a 3d suspense movie in Santa Clara.
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it showing at AMC Mercado?
the 1st please.
It's movie night! I'm trying to decide what to watch. Can you find movies shown in Sonoma?
I'd like to see it on March 5th.
I'm looking for a movie to watch tonight. My favorites are scary movies.
A theater in Berkeley would be most convenient.
I want to go sometime today. I think the United Artists Berkeley would be the closest to where I am.
Can you find a funny movie for me at AMC Brentwood?
Find a 3d movie in Brentwood.
I want to go later today.
Is there another show time? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
Find movies in Larkspur
Not now, what times are available and any theatre is fine.
1st of this month
I would like to find a 3d movie to watch.
Could you search for movies playing in Union City. Preferably at Century Union Landing.
No, I don't want to buy tickets now. What times are the movies playing? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I haven't seen a new movie a months. Can you find me an Imax show in Campbell to watch?
Can you tell me if it's playing on the 2nd at Pruneyard cinemas?
I'm looking for a Comedy to watch in a theatre today, can you help me pick one?
I'm in Oakland right now.
Not really - can you find some others? I'd like to go to the New Parkway Theater, a regular show, nothing 3D, they make me queasy.
I'm thinking the 7th of this month.
I want to go to the movies. Find me a drama
In Sebastopol
I want to see Hackers on the 7th of this month. What time does it play?
I would like it in San Bruno.
This Saturday at Century at Tanforan.
Search for movies being shown in Newark.
Can you find some other movies at AMC NewPark.
Find some other movies, any type of movie is fine.
What time can I watch the movie on the 2nd?
My friend and I want to watch a movie at Century Daly City
I am in Daly City - can you find Adventure movies for us?
Shazam! sounds good! What times are available on the 4th of March?
I want to watch a imax show for movies in Fremont.And I want to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
I like adventure movies.Please find some other movies.
Shazam! is perfect.I want to watch it on Friday next week . What time can I watch it?
I am in Vallejo
I want to watch Captain Marvel. What time do they have available
I want to watch on March 2nd
I'm on Oakland. Can you show me movies from here?
I changed my mind. Can you show me regular shows?
It's not necessary to buy now. What time on March 1st can I watch it?
Please look for a movie in Emeryville.
Yes, Teen Spirit would be great. What time is an imax showing playing?
I want to see the movie on the 1st of this month please.
San Francisco.
On the 15th.
My friend and I are looking to watch a movie later. Can you find movies in Walnut Creek?
We would like to see Little. Is there any times available for Tuesday next week?
Please can you look for some good movies in Santa Rosa of Sonoma County?
Not exactly for the debut movies but might for the latest one. Please can you suggest some other movies? If you can find the one shown in Oakland, that would be perfect.
Nope, I would like to watch Funny movies especially a imax show. Please can you find any such movies?
I will be available on March 9th. That day would work.
in Pleasant Hill, Is there any nice movie you can find here?
Yes, I need to clarify, at what time, I can watch this movie on 2nd of this month.
I'm in Brentwood
Long Shot sounds perfect. What are the show times? I would like to watch a 3d show.
I prefer the 1st of March.
I am looking for a movie to watch. Can you find movies that are showing in Morgan Hill?
Please look for other movies. Are you able to do a search for movies in Emeryville? I would like to see something in IMax.
Teen Spirit will be perfect. What time will I be able to watch it? I would like to see it at AMC Bay Street?
I would like to see it today?
Can you search around Sebastopol?
Can I have some more options? And can you search in Union City?
9th of March.
I'm in Berkeley. Any good movies here?
I would like to go today.
I'd like to see a movie at Century Rowland Plaza.
I'd like to see an imax movie in Novato.
I'd like to see it on March 1st.
Can you search in Brentwood.
Please find some other movies in San Ramon. Any theatre is fine.
I want to watch 3d show, pls find other movies
No. I want to watch on 2nd of March. What time can i watch?
Can you find me a movie to watch at CineLux Tennant Station
Look for movies in Morgan Hill
Captain Marvel sounds perf. What Time can I watch? I want a regular show time
On march 7th.
I'd like to a show. Can you help me find a 3d movie near me?
I'm in Cloverdale.
I'd like to see it on the 2nd.
I feel like watching a movie. What's available in San Jose?
Can you search for other ones? Something at CineLux Almaden.
The Curse of La Llorona is great. What time is it available in March 5th?
This week, I have a lot to do and meeting to attend. I think I'll deserve some time to relax and watch a movie, something I could really use your help choosing. I want to see a Non-fiction movie that I can watch on imax. You have any ideas for me?
Please recommend a movie that's showing in San Bruno.
Please set the date for the 8th of March.
I want to find movies in San Ramon.
I want to see it on Saturday this week.
What's the address for Cinelux Tennant Station?
Do you know which movies are showing in Morgan Hill?
Is there a imax show nearby?
March 2nd is perfect for me.
I want to watch a movie in San Francisco.
Find some comic movies. I want to watch at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
I want to watch tomorrow.
Look for movies shown in SFO.
I want to watch it at Embarcadero Center Cinema on the 2nd of this month.
A fun movie is on the agenda for our upcoming family night out. It's kind of a big deal because we're still celebrating graduation, and we want to see a movie that's 3d, lighthearted and rated for all ages. What's your take on a movie recommendation, please?
How about a search in San Ramon. Any kind of movie is fine, just as long as it's fun.
Okay, I expect we'll go see the movie on the 5th at THE LOT City Center.
I want movies shown in Union City.
I prefer tomorrow at Century Union Landing. Whatever type of show is absolutely fine.
Search for movies in SFO please.
Can you find some other movies? I like the War genre.
Aftermath sounds great! What are the showtimes for IMAX showings?
I want to see it on the 1st.
Can you help me find movies in Oakland?
I'd like to see it at New Parkway Theater on the 10th of March.
It will be fine in SFO
Try some other particularly in Vallejo, imax show.
On 2nd of March.
Yeah, I have changed the date to March 1st and at Century Vallejo.
Find theaters playing 3D movies in San Jose.
Find Drama movies on imax.
This Saturday.
I am going to watch a movie at the Piedmont Theatre
Have you tried searching for movies in Oakland
I will purchase a ticket later what time will be good so I can watch a imax show
How about the 7th of March
What are some flicks in Oakland?
Dr. Strangelove sounds good. I don't care about the theater, but what times are available?
I'd like to catch it on the 10th.
Search for movies only shown in Vacaville.
Try to find movies shown in Albany.
On the 5th at Albany Twin will be good.
Please find a movie in San Francisco.
Please check the showtimes for this Saturday.
Is it on at any other times? I'd actually like to go to the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
I need the movies being shown in Brentwood.
No, something else. An imax show is what I am looking for.
I am planning to watch it on March 2nd.
Search for movies at Menlo Park.
I would like to see it March 9th.
Is it available at another time? How about on March 4th?
Find movies in SF.
I want a 3D showing, on March 2nd, at the Vogue Theatre.
I wish to see a move at AMC NewPark.
Kindly find a movie in Newark.
Could you please search for some other movies? I wish to see a Fantasy movie at imax show.
I wish to see it on the 1st.
Can you search a comic movie for me?
I am in Santa Clara, can you search here?
search for March 11th.
I would like to watch a horror movie.
Search for movies in San Jose area
Tuesday next week would be best
Can you find movies in Martinez?
The 9th of this month and I would like a regular show.
I would like to go to Vine Cinema in Livermore.
I would like to watch it on the 3rd.
I would like to search for movies in Santa Rosa, please.
I would like to watch the movie at any theater today.
I want movies in Vacaville.
Not right now. What time can I see the show? I want to watch a regular show.
I want to watch it tomorrow.
I'd like to find a movie to watch at Century San Francisco Centre.
Help me find movies showing in San Francisco.
How about next Thursday?
In Vacaville please
No I want something else. What's playing in San Bruno. I don't care which theater.
On the 2nd of this month. Does it come in imax?
The Redwood City
the Century Redwood city the March 1st
San Rafael, please. I'd like to see a Drama movie.
March 1st, please.
Can you search Larkspur for Drama movies?
Lets go see Transit, What time is it? Ill go to any theater.
Next Tuesday is when i want to see it.
I want to find a movie to watch at AMC Saratoga.
Search for 3d movies in San Jose.
Please find movies in Union City.
Could you find some other movies? I prefer Adventure movies.
I wish to see it on March 4th.
Are there any good movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I would like to see it on March 2nd in a 3d showing.
I feel like going to the movies. I'd like to go see a 3d movie at Guild Theatre.
Can you look for films which are playing in Menlo Park?
Red Joan sounds great. What time is it playing on March 9th?
Search for movies playing right now in Napa.
Let's go with Sunday this week.
Comedy movies are my favorites.Search for me movies shown in SF .I would love to watch a imax show.
I want to watch at Century San Francisco Centre the movie Missing Link .At what time can it be?
I would like to be on 1st of this month.
I would like to see a movie in Santa Rosa.
Dumbo would be great, what are the playing times on March 1st at any theater.
I'm looking for movies in Santa Clara.
What time is the movie showing at AMC Mercado?
Wednesday next week.
I am in Oakland, so can you find me any nearby movies?
I am interested in seeing something else, preferably at the Regal Jack London.
The Best of Enemies sounds good to watch, can you tell me 3d showtimes for Saturday this week?
I'd like to watch a movie at THE LOT City Center.
Look for movies plating San Ramon.
I'm looking forward to seeing it on the 1st.
Can you find movies in Albany?
Next Tuesday please.
I would like to go to an Imax movie, can you find me a Comedy to watch?
I'm located in Oakland.
Gloria Bell would be good - I'd like to see it on the 9th of this month, what time does it start at?
I want to find a movie to watch at Century Walnut Creek.
Can you search for movies shown in Walnut Creek? I'd like to watch a regular show.
No, not now. What are the viewing times and dates? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I would like to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
I would like to watch it on the 1st of March.
I'm in Santa Rosa. I'm in the mood for a fantasy movie.
I want to go on 6th of March, to a regular show at 3rd Street cinema.
I'm in San Francisco. What's available?
No, I want something else please. Any theater will do.
Please find something else. I'm interested in drama movies. Are there any regular showings available?
I am looking for showtimes on the 17th.
I want to see a movie in San Bruno. What's available?
No, what else is there? I want to see a regular show.
What time is it? I want to go to Century at Tanforan.
I'd like to go on the 1st.
I want to watch a movie in SF
I want Horror movies
I am available to watch on 7th of this month
Can you search movies in San Ramon.
I would like Scary movies. I would like to watch THE LOT City Center.
Can you find some other movies, I like all kinds.
I would like to see Little. I would like to watch it on March 1st.
I like Biographical movies, can you search for movies shown in Vallejo? I want to watch a 3d show.
Monday next week would be superb. I'd prefer to see it at Century Vallejo
What's showing in San Jose?
What time is it showing at CineLux Almaden?
I am available on the 3rd.
I would like to go to a movie in San Ramon. Can you tell me what movies are playing?
The 9th is the date I am looking to watch it.
Can you do a search for me? I'm looking for 3d movies in San Jose.
I'm in San Ramon, please find a movie there.
No, I don't need tickets right away. What time is their imax showing?
Please check the 9th of this month.
Find me movies in Union City.
I'd like to watch it on the 7th of March.
I'd like to see an imax show at Century at Pacific Commons. I want to watch it.
Can you check for a movie in Fremont?
When can I see it on the 8th of March?
Please look for movies in SFO.
Please find some other options in imax.
What time is the showtimes on March 1st?
Can you find all movies in Pleasant Hill?
On the 2nd of this month, I want to watch a 3d movie. Can you tell me what 3d movies are playing near me?
Hey, they got any Fantasy movies playing at THE LOT City Center?
Look in San Ramon.
The 1st of this month. Look for the 3d version.
I want to watch movie. Any kind of movie works for me.
Can you find movies playing in Martinez.
Missing Link is great! What time I see it? I want to see it on the 1st of March at Contra Costa.
Can you find me movies shown in Emeryville
Please find some more movies. I would like to watch at AMC Bay Street for a 3d show.
Pet Sematary is so good. What time can I watch it? My preferred date is March 8th.
Could you try once? I wanna watch it on Saturday this week.
Find me a regular movie to watch.
I am in Concord.
I want to see it on March 1st.
I want to find a movie to watch. I want to watch a regular show.
Can you search for movies shown in SF.
I want to watch it on 2nd of March.
My husband and I want to watch a 3d movie. Where is the closest place?
I'm in San Jose. Can you look around there?
No, Sunday this week when we have a babysitter. We want the CineLux Almaden.
I would love to see a 3d show in Menlo Park.Can you help me find one?
It will be great to watch at Guild Theatre,tell me please at what time can I watch it.
In 9th of this month it will be great for me.
I wish to watch a movies shown in Morgan Hill. So Find it in that place.
No, Not at all. Please search for other movies. Will you search for movies shown in Union City and I like to watch at Century Union Landing location.
No, Not interested . Find some other movies, will you find me 3d movies
At what time i shall able to watch that movie? Whether i could able to watch it on 2nd of this month.
Can you find me a 3D movie to watch?
Please find me movies in Brentwood.
I don't like those. Show me movies in Pleasant Hill.
I'd like to see it on 2nd of March.
I am in Antioch, can you search for nearby movies?
I am more interested in fantasy movies, can you give me movie recommendations for the AMC Deer Valley?
I want to see the movie on the 4th of this month.
Can you search a movie shown in Palo Alto? I want to watch a movie.
Pillow Talk sounds good. What time is the movie?
I am planning to watch a regular show on 5th of this month.
I am looking for a movie in Alameda.
Give me some more choices please Check the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex for an imax show.
Next Friday would be perfect for me.
I really want to watch a Fantasy movie. Is there anything available?
I'm in Campbell. I'd like to go to Pruneyard Cinemas.
I want to watch the imax show next Friday.
Please search for movies showing in Mill Valley.
Please find out the screening times for 3d shows.
Yes, I'd love to watch it later today.
I am planning to catch a movie with my friend later. Can you recommend a 3d movie?
I want to know what movies are showing in Emeryville. I am particularly interested in movies of the Thriller genre.
I would like to catch the movie on 8th of March. Can you find me the screen times for this show on that date?
Can you find me a 3d show at the Guild Theatre at Menlo Park?
Red Joan will work. what times are avaliable for the 9th of this month.
Can you tell me what movies are playing at Century Cinemas?
In San Leandro. I'd like to watch the 3d show.
Breakthrough sound great! I'd like to watch it on the 2nd. What time is it playing?
Can you look for movies in Livermore?
No thanks. I like adventure movies and I want to watch an Imax show.
2nd of March.
How about Friday next week at Livermore Cinema?
I want to watch a 3d movice in Emeryville.
I want to watch the movie on the 8th at AMC Bay Street.
Hi, I would like to search for movies currently shown at Albany Twin.
I would prefer movies shown in Albany.
Not yet, what are the available time slots for this movie next Tuesday?
Can you find me a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield?
Sure. Search any kind of movies in Fairfield.
I'd particularly like a 3d movie.
No, not at this moment? At what time is it screening? I'd like to go on the 1st of this month.
Can you help me search for movies that are playing in Emeryville?
I like Comedy movies, can you please help me find one?
Missing Link is perfect. What time would I be able to watch it? I would like to watch it on the 8th of this month.
I want to watch something in Imax in San Francisco
I don't really like any of those. How about some Drama films? I want to watch it at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
The Mustang sounds good. What are the times if I want to watch it Wednesday next week?
I want to find a movie to watch. I like comic movies. I want to watch at Century Napa Valley.
I want to watch a 3D show. Can you search for movies in Napa?
I want to watch it on the 1st of March.
I am interested in watching adventure movies in imax show.
I want you to have a search for movies which are shown in walnut creek
I feel Shazam is good for me and i want to watch it in Century Walnut Creek and what is the show time?
I am interested in watching the movie on Monday next week.
I want to watch in San Ramon
On 2nd of this month.
Can you search for movies in San Jose.
I want to watch 3 Below Theaters and lounge.
Mary Magdalene is good I would like to watch it this Saturday a imax show.
Check what's playing in Union City please.
I wanted to go to the movies next Thursday.
Look for movies in San Jose.
No, can you find an imax show in Concord?
I want to see it on Wednesday next week.
I'm looking for something to do with my evening. What movies are showing in San Jose?
I'm thinking today at the AMC Eastridge.
I want to watch a movie in Union City.
I want to watch a Scary movie in imax.
I want to see it on March 7th.
I want to watch a movie that's been shown in Fairfield.
No.I'll buy tickets later. Can you find a 3d show?
The 1st of this month.
San Jose, so search for movies there.
Actually, Breakthrough sounds great. I want to see it on the 3rd so what times is it playing then?
Can you find me a movie? I'm in the mood for action
In Oakland please
The day after tomorrow please
I want to watch a Rom-com movie.
I am looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
I want to go on the 1st.
I'm looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
No. What's showing at Summerfield Cinemas?
I'm looking for an imax show this Saturday.
I'm in Oakland.
I wanna watch it on 1st of this month.
I want to see it at Century Union Landing. What movies are playing in Union City?
I'd like to see it on Saturday this week.
I want the see the 3d version on the 1st of this month. Is it showing then?
I want to watch a movie at AMC Bay Street
Searc in Emeryville, please
Yes, I want to watch a imax show: what time is it?
On later today
I think that I want to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
Does SF have any movies showing?
I think we should do Suburban Birds. I think I want something regular on the 17th. Do you have any times?
Can you look for movies in SF.
Can you please look for some other movies, I'd like to see an imax show.
Can you find some other movies I'd like to go see them at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. Any kind of movie will do.
Oh yeah, what time is the movie? I'd like to watch it on the 8th?
I like Ghost movies. Search for movies in San Jose.
I want to see it Tuesday next week
Can you tell me which movies are playing at Lark Theater, please. I'd like to find a good one to watch.
Search for movies in Larkspur.
Shine a light sounds perfect. When is it screening? Any show type is OK.
I'd like the 1st of March, if possible.
I would like to see a movie in San Ramon.
I am more in to adventure movies. Could you look for some different movies. Also, I would like to watch at THE LOT City Center.
I would like to watch the regular showing next Monday. What time do they have available, then?
I would like to see a thriller movie located in Brentwood.
What are the show times at AMC Brentwood?
Definitely on March 5th. Is it available
Can you show me movies in San Jose.
No they don't sound like my cup of tea. What about a 3d film.
I want to go next Friday.
Would you look for theaters around Emeryville? That's where we're eating.
I'd like to see something at the AMC Bay Street. Preferably a comic book-type movie. If you can find one of those, that would be great!
I forgot. I wanted to see it on Imax and March 8th would be the date.
Please search for movies in downtown San Fran.
I want to know when I can go see that movies. What are the regular show times?
I would like to see this movie on the 2nd.
Can you tell me what's on in San Francisco.
What time is it playing on 3rd of March.
I want to find an imax movie to watch later tonight.
I am located near Hillsborough.
I'd like to try and watch it on the 1st of March.
San Jose. I want to watch a regular show.
No, something else, in 3D, please.
On the 3rd.
I like Life history movies and want to find a movie to watch. I would like to watch Century at Hayward.
Please find movies in Hayward.
Breakthrough sounds great. What time is it available to watch? I am interested in a regular show.
I want to see it on the 7th.
I would like to watch a 3d movie.
I would like movies in Petaluma.
No not at present. What time is it on? I am interested in showing on the 4th at Boulevard Cinema.
I would like hear about movies being played in Brentwood.
No not right now, can I have the show times and can you look for the movie in 3d?
I would like to watch a imax show on the 2nd of this month.
I feel like being spooked out. Can you help me find some scary movies?
Please look for movies showing in Campbell.
The Curse of La Llorona works good for me. What time is it showing? I'd like to go on the 9th.
I want to find a comedy movie. Search for movies now showing in Oakland.
Let's try something else. I want a regular show. Something like a Biographical movie.
No, not right now. What time does it play? I also want to watch Regal Jack London next Friday.
I want to watch a movie, can you search for movies shown in San Jose.
I want to go on the 11th, at 3 Below Theaters And Lounge.
Can you find for movies shown in Santa Clara.
I like to watch imax show on 1st of March.
I wanna go to the cinema. I don't mind the theatre.
Can you search movies in San Francisco?
Dumbo is perfect. What time can I watch it? I'd like to watch it on March 3rd.
Can you search for movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I would like to see After. Any type of show is fine. What times is it showing?
I'd like to see it on the 1st of this month.
Search for Fantasy movies in San Jose.
No, I don't want to buy the ticket right now. Can you find me the timing of the movie on March 1st at Cinemark?
What are some movies playing in Emeryville right now?
On the 4th of this month.
Give me a 3d show.
I am in Petaluma.
What times are available on the 2nd of this month at Boulevard Cinema.
I'm in San Francisco. Try searching for movies shown there.
Can you find some other movies? I want to watch one at an imax show in the AMC Metreon nearby.
March 2nd would be nice.
I am in San Francisco, can you search for movies in this city?
Can you give me more movie recommendations, I want to see an IMAX show and I do like seeing comic movies.
At what time can I watch the movie, if I plan on seeing it on the 1st of this month?
I would like to find movies shown in Moraga tonight.
Lets watch it on the 2nd of this month and right now I will watch a regular T.V. show.
What movies are being shown in Healdsburg?
I want to see it 1st of March, in imax, at Raven Film center.
I wish to search for a movie at Tiburon Playhouse.
Could you please find the movie in Tiburon?
I wish to see it on the 9th.
Can you find me a movie shown in Vallejo
Can you search regular show movies shown in Santa Clara
Any other movies available?
Long shot sounds great. I want to watch on the 11th at AMC Mercado
I want to watch a movie in Larkspur. I want to watch some Horror movies.
What are the showtimes for the 1st of March?
I'm in Redwood City. Are there any Adventure movies playing at Century Redwood City?
On March 4th.
I'm looking for a movie at CineLux Tennant Station.
Something in Adventure at Morgan Hill, a regular show.
Shazam sounds good, what times are there for Monday next week?
Look in Santa Rosa.
What time is After playing later today?
I'm looking for a movie to see preferably in Livermore.
I'd like to see High Life. I'd like to see a 3d show. What time could I see it?
The day after tomorrow.
Find movies in the Santa Rosa area please.
Eh, I kind of want to watching something a little more regular. Can you find what is playing at the Airport Stadium Cinemas?
I plan on going to the theater Friday next week.
Find me please a movie to watch at Airport Stadium Cinemas
In Santa Rosa search me please.
It will be perfect for me to watch on next Friday.
Hey, I want a movie. Find me one in San Ramon, please. A good one this time!
Cool, but find some other ones too please. I love Adventure movies.
Yeah, I heard of that one! I want to see Shazam then. What showtimes are there today? Actually I'm free on the 2nd.
I prefer Union City.
Can you find some other choices? I prefer an adventure movie at Century Union Landing.
I would like to see it at an imax show on March 4th.
Please find me a non-fiction movie at the Roxie Theater.
Please search in the San Francisco area.
No. That's ok. I'm interested in the time for a regular show.
Let's try the day after tomorrow.
Can you help me find an adventure movie showing in concord?
I'd like to go watch it next wednesday.
I'm looking for a 3d movie in Brentwood.
No. Also, you can look at any theatre.
On the 7th.
I'm really bored. Can you find me a movie to watch in Union City?
Hotel Mumbai! Yes! Will there be a showing at Century Union Landing?
I am looking for movies in San Ramon.
I am not interested in those, are there any Adventure movies?
What are the schedules for the movie on the 2nd of March?
I wanna find a movie to watch. Can you search for movies in Alameda?
Nope, not now. What time can I watch it? I wanna watch it at Alameda Theatre & Cineplex. Any type of show is fine.
I wanna watch it on the 1st.
I want to watch a Suspense movie at Century Cinemas.
Century Cinemas is in San Leandro.
I want to go on March 3rd.
Yes. Search in San Bruno.
I want to want at Century at Tanforan, find some other movies.
I want to watch on 1st of this month.
Can you check for a regular showing of a horror movie in Redwood City.
Please check the 1st of this month.
Can you help me find a Comic movie?
I also like drama movies. Can you find a movie in Sebastopol?
Can you find other movies? I want to see an IMAX movie at Rialto Cinemas.
March 1st.
Life is very enthuastic and energitic , i need to enjoy it almost every moment in my life. Will you find a movie to watch? Any type of movies is opt for me.
Find movies in San Francisco area?
I want it on Saturday this week.
whether any other time is available and i need to watch a imax show and need to watch at Embarcadero Center Cinema.
Can you help me find Biographical movies to watch? It's been a while since I've seen one in the theatre.
I'm looking for movies in Morgan Hill.
Breakthrough is perfect. Are there any times for the 3rd?
Can you try March 1st at CineLux Tennant Station?
Can you find me an Imax movie Show?
search for me in Sebastopol.
make a search for 1st of this month.
Find me a movie in Santa Clara.
I'm planning on going to see it on the 4th of this month, as I have off from work. I'm hoping to catch the imax show at AMC Mercado.
I want to watch a a imax movie. I love the Ghost movies.
Show me movies for Mountain View.
Tomorrow at Century Cinema
I'm searching for movies to watch. I prefer Drama movies
Could you search for movies in Menlo Park.
What time can I see it? I want to watch on the 9th and a 3d show.
Pleasant Hill.
Anything else? I am looking for Scary movies.
Curse of La Llorona sounds great. Is it playing on 6th of March?
I'd like to see the movie in Union City, and I'd like it to be a Thriller movie.
I'd like to see it on March 2nd, and I want it to be a 3d show.
Somewhere in San Fran.
Tell me what is showing at the CineLux Tennant Station in Morgan Hill.
Not right now. What times are available. I'd liek to see it in Imax if possible.
On the 1st of March.
Can you search for movies shown in Sonoma?
I want to watch the movie on 9th of this month, can you tell me the timing?
Can you find movies being shown in Vallejo?
Do you know the time I can watch it? I want it to be an imax show.
Probably later today.
Make it San Bruno
No. Maybe look at the Century at Tanforan
I'll go on March 1st, a regular screening
What are some movies I can watch in Hayward?
What time can I watch it on Wednesday next week?
I'm looking for a movie to watch at THE LOT City Center.
I'm in San Ramon, so search for movies near there.
I'm not interested in any of those, can search some more. And I want to watch the movie in imax.
No, don't get me tickets. But can you tell me what time I can see it. I want to see it on March 1st?
I am looking for a regular movie to watch.
Search for Morgan Hill.
March 1st please.
I will have some free time coming up and am thinking I might go see a movie. What movies are showing in Alameda at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
No, are there any adventure movies showing in 3d?
I will probably be going on the 2nd.
I love adventure movies a lot and I want to see one of those. Can you find me a movie like that in San Jose? Preferably IMAX too, please.
I want to watch it on the 1st of this month. Are there any good showtimes at AMC Saratoga?
Look for movies shown in Martinez
Find other movies and any type of show
I want to watch it today
I want to find a Suspense movie to watch in Moraga.
Not right now. What time can I watch it at Rheem Theatre?
I want to see it on the 2nd.
Please search for movies showing at the Pruneyard Cinemas in Campbell.
What time can I watch an imax show?
March 2nd would be perfect.
I want to find a 3d movie.
I'll be in Brentwood. Could you look for movies there?
We'll be ready to watch it on the 1st of March.
I enjoy documentary movies. Are you able to look for movies showing in Morgan Hill?
No, not right now. What is the time that I can see it? I want to see it on the 3rd.
I live in San Bruno.
I would love to see Dumbo! Can I see it this Saturday?
I'd like to find a movie to watch. I like all movies.
Can you help me find movies showing in Newark?
I'd like to watch it on the 5th.
I'd like to go somewhere in Oakland.
I'd like something else. I forgot to mention but I'm into Comic movies.
I'd like to go on the 7th.
Please can you look for a good movie to watch for this week end, might be in San Jose?
Do you mean the adventurous movies? Nope, Please find something else for I like all kinds if its good to watch.
Yup, Little would be perfect. What time is the show? Do they have 3d shows? Will tickets be available to watch at CineLux Almaden?
Probably, on March 8th.
Hello, could you help me find a movie currently showing in Oakland?
What are the showtimes for this movie at New Parkway Theater?
I would like to watch it on 5th of March.
I want to go out to watch a movie in San Francisco, can you search for options?
Please keep searching. I'd like to see a drama at the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
Red Joan is perfect! What time can I see a 3d show on March 5th?
I would like to see a movie at the AMC Bay Street.
Please search for movies in Emeryville.
No. Please search for a Comic imax show.
I would like to watch the movie Friday next week.
I'd like to watch a movie at Reading Cinemas Rohnert Park.
I'm in Rohnert Park. Please find me a scary movie.
No, not at the moment. What are the available times for March 1st?
My brother and I want to go see an adventure movie, can you help find one?
Alameda is a good half way point between my brother and I , let's search there.
What time is the movie playing at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
How about tomorrow.
find me a movie to watch please. Any show will work
please search Mill Valley for movies.
How about on the 1st.
Santa Rosa. Any good movies around here?
What time is After playing? I would like to see a regular show at Roxy Stadium Cinemas.
Preferably, the 1st of this month.
Its Santa Clara, so please search for movies nearby.
Is there anything else, any type of movie will do.
I want to watch it at AMC Mercado, on the 4th of this month.
Search for movies in Vallejo.
the 2nd of this month.
Look for movies in San Fran.
What else is there? I want to see an imax movie.
The 1st of this month at Presidio Theatre.
Please search for movies in San Francisco.
I want to watch something different like a 3D show. And I want to see it at Century San Francisco Centre.
How about Thursday next week.
I am in San Francisco.
I want another movie. Any theater in Moraga is fine.
I want to see it tomorrow.
Is there another time? I want to see it on the 5th of this month.
I am feeling bored. Is there any Fantasy movies laying?
I want to see the movie in San Fran.
I would like to see it on the 9th of this month.
I want to go out in Petaluma, can you see what movies there are?
Can you see what else there is? I'm in the mood for adventure films. Can you look at Boulevard Cinema?
The 4th of this month
I'm in San Jose, please find me a movie to watch around here.
Breakthrough sounds great, thanks. I'd like to see it in 3D, when is it on?
On the 3rd of this month, if possible.
I'd like to look for a film to watch. I like adventure films.
Could you look for films shown in Napa?
I'd love Captain Marvel. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch a regular show.
I'd like to watch it on the day after tomorrow.
I'm in Larkspur.
No, not yet. But what time will I be able to watch a regular show?
I want to watch it on March 7th.
I prefer movies shown in Santa Rosa.
No thank you. Can you search for movies showing at Century at Tanforan in San Bruno.
Can you please list other movies? I'd prefer a regular show.
On the 5th please.
I want all kinds of movies
Find movies in San Leandro
I wanna watch at the Century Cinemas
I wanna see it on the 2nd
I feel good right now and would like to watch a movie. Can you search for movies shown in San Bruno?
Can you search for another one? I would like to watch Century at Tanforan.
What time is the movie available on Tuesday next week?
I want a 3d movie to watch.
Can you search in San Jose?
Find something else. Can you show what is on in Union City?
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it on? I want to watch at Century Union Landing.
I want to see it this Saturday.
Find me movies showing around Brentwood.
Find me some other movies showing at AMC Brentwood.
What's the showtime for Pet Sematary on next Tuesday?
Can you search for movies in Santa Rosa.
Please find some other movies at Airport Stadium Cinemas.
I want to watch 3d show on 1st of March
I want to see a movie in San Fran.
I'd prefer something else, in Menlo Park, any theater.
The 9th of March.
Look in Morgan Hill.
What time later today is Pet Sematary playing?
My friends came to my house and i am in joyful mood .will you find any adventure movies to watch along with my friends?
find any movies which is shown in Daly City?
Can you tell me the time i shall able to watch that movie on 4th of March at Century Daly City?
I would like to watch a regular show. Please search in San Jose.
I would like to know what time it's playing at the West Wind Capitol Drive-in?
Look up for 1st of March please.
I want to watch a movie at Sonoma Cinema.
I want to find movies in Sonoma.
Are there any other movies? I want to watch something in 3d.
Shazam! sounds great! I want to watch in Tuesday next week. What times are there?
I want to go out to watch a movie, can you find me some good shows in Pleasant Hill?
I like the sound of The Curse of La Llorona. What time can I watch it if I want to see a regular show at Century Downtown?
I want to watch it on 6th of this month.
Find me movies in Morgan Hill.
Find me something else like a regular show.
No, now right now. I want to see it at CineLux Tennant Station on the 4th of this month. What time is it playing then?
Show me movies in Santa Clara. I would prefer a regular show.
I think Dumbo sounds great. What are the timings for it and I want to see it on the 1st.
I'd like a location in San Ramon.
I'd like a Ghost movie. Can you find anything else?
Do you know screening times for this movie for Saturday this week.
Any other showtimes? I'd prefer watching it in 3d at Regal Crow Canyon.
Could you look in Union City?
It will be on the 7th of this month.
I am in Alameda.
March 2nd please.
I would like to see a Fantasy movie.
I want to see a movie in Mountain View.
I would like to see Dumbo. What time is it showing at ShowPlace ICON?
Any time on the 1st of March
My friend and I are looking for a movie to go to. What movies are showing in San Rafael?
Actually, what time is the movie. I want to see it in an imax theater.
I am hoping to go on the 1st of March.
I am looking for movies being show in San Jose.
No, find some other movies. Search for movies being shown in Santa Rosa instead. Any type of movie is fine.
What time can I watch it on March 2nd at 3rd Street Cinema.
I would like to find a movie to watch in Sonoma.
I want to watch a 3d showing of it on the 5th of March.
search for movies shown in SFO
I would like to see it tomorrow
I wanna see Embarcadero Center Cinema and in imax
Could you find films shown in San Ramon for me?
Please look for other films. I would like to watch at The Lot City Center.
Little is the one for me. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch it today.
I want to go to the movies. Is there something in theaters in Newark?
I want to go the 1st of this month.
Around SFO would be good.
Body Double sounds good. What time is it showing on the 15th of March at the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema
Could you help search for movies shown in Livermore?
Could you help find movies of the Adventure genre?
I would like to watch it on the 2nd.
I would like to find the movie at AMC Mercado
In Santa Clara and would like to watch a regular show.
Can you fin another movie.
On Saturday this week.
I have a lot of leisure time and i am going to make use of it. Will you find a movie to watch? Actually i like Drama kind of movies
Is it possible to check for movies shown in Albany? I need to watch a regular show.
Ok Red Joan is perfect. Please tell the time to watch it. I prefer the date is on the 5th
I'd like to go to the AMC NewPark.  Can you tell me what movies are showing in Newark?
I want to see Captain Marvel.  Are tickets available on the 3rd?  I'd rather see it in 3d.
I am in the Santa Clara area.
What time does Hotel Mumbai play at AMC Mercado IMAX?
I want to go see it today.
At the Concord area. I want to watch an Adventure movie at the Veranda Luxe Cinema. 
Sometime on the 6th of this month. 
I've always been interested in edwards fairfield. are there any biographical movies showing?
Can you do a search for any movies in fairfield?
The 2nd of March would be great and if you could book a regular show that would be even better!
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
I'm specifically looking for movies in Fremont. 
I'm interested in Hotel Mumbai, thanks. What are the times this movie is available? I'd like to watch a regular show. 
Tomorrow would be great, thanks. 
I would like to watch a movie in 3d from the Drama movie genre that I like.
Could you find me movies in Menlo Park?
I think I would like to see it on March 9th.
I want to find a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield.
Please search for movies shown in Fairfield.
I want to watch The Curse of La Llorona.  What time is an imax show available on March 1st?
Can you search for movies at Stanford Theatre around Palo Alto?
How about the 5th of this month?
I would like to watch a Biographical movie near Morgan Hill.
No, not now. I want to watch it at regular show times at CineLux Tennant Station. What time can I watch it?
This Sunday.
I like crime movies. Can you search for movies shown in San Francisco?
What times do they have available for me to watch it? I want to watch it This Saturday. I want to watch a Imax Show. 
I want to watch it at Century at Hayward. 
What times could I watch it? Are there any imax shows?
I want to watch it this Saturday.
I really enjoy Biographical movies and was thinking of watching Century at Hayward.
No. I would like to watch it on the 7th, and nothing fancy a regular show please.
Can you find me an IMAX showing of a comedy movie?
Search for movies in the San Francisco Area, specifically at the Balboa Theatre.
I want to watch the movie on 15th of March, are there any timing available on that day?
I'd like to see a Fantasy movie, what is playing at Contra Costa in Martinez?
I was thinking a regular showing on March 8th would be good. 
I was thinking about seeing a 3d movie at the Lark Theater. Can you search for the movies playing in Larkspur right now?
I want to see it Friday next week.
I want to find Animation movies that are 3d showing in Santa Rosa tonight.
Tomorrow please.
I'm looking for a comedy to watch in San Jose at the AMC Saratoga. What movies are available?
I want to go on the 2nd of March.
Hey, could you please find me regular movie tickets for Friday next week at 22:45?
I'd like three tickets, please.
Please search for IT two in Milpitas.
I would like to watch an imax show on the 5th of this month. I want 1 ticket.
I want to watch Hustlers in Livermore at ten in the night.
Can you get me one ticket to the movie Hobbs and Shaw in San Leandro?
Can you find me an imax show on the 6th of this month at night 10:30?
Hey. Can you help me purchase two movie tickets to a showing Wednesday next week in Santa Rosa?
I would like to see a regular showing of Hustlers. Look for something in Livermore around 21:45.
I wish to purchase movie tickets to watch it on Wednesday next week.
I wish to see a 3d show.
I wish to see The Lord of the Rings at evening 6.
I wish to see movies depicted in Livermore and I need one ticket.
Please try again. I wish to see a imax show at 6:15 in the evening.
I'd like 4 tickets to watch the show at nine pm.
I'd like to watch IT2 in imax.
Find me shows for the 8th in Campbell.
I would like 1 ticket to see a 3D movie called Ad Astra.
I would like the 16th of March, in San Francisco at seven pm.
I need to buy it in Pittsburg.
I need the tickets for regular show for the movie Overcomer on 2nd of March.
Buy 1 ticket for the show time night 10.
Can you get me tickets to watch the movie Good Boys on the 9th of this month?
I'd like four tickets to the regular show t half past 9 in the night.
In Santa Rosa please.
Search please some movies shown in Newark on Wednesday next week because I want to buy tickets.
Imax show will be perfect.
Hustlers will be perfect for four people at 22:15.
Please get me tickets to the movie Official Secrets.
I just want one ticket to a regular show on 4th of March.
I need Santa Rosa at 8:15 in the night.
Hi, I'm wanting to see a movie. I want something at 8:30 pm.
Just regular please.
I want IT two. I need 4 for the Brentwood theatre.
I want tickets for March 7th.
I want to watch the regular showing of Ad Astra tonight. I want to watch the showing at night 9 pm-ish
I want to watch on the night of the 16th of March, and I only need one ticket in San Jose
I would like to watch the show at 10:30 pm.
I want one ticket for Saturday this week.
I want to watch a regular show of Angel Has Fallen shown in Concord.
No. I would like to book 2 tickets in Newark.
I would like to buy a movie ticket in San Jose at 11 o"clock in the night.
I want to book three tickets for regular show.
I want to want Angel has fallen on day after tomorrow.
I want to go half past 6 in the evening to see the show.
I want to watch the imax on the 9th to watch The Lord of the Rings three.
I want to watch the movie in Santa Rosa. Can you check there?
I only need 1 ticket for the movie.
I'm looking for two movie tickets for Good Boys.
I want to see the a regular show in Milpitas.
I want to see IT Chapter Two on the 7th of March.
I want to see it at eleven pm.
I'd like to get movie tickets to go watch After The Wedding.
I would like to see a regular show on March 10th in the San Jose area.
I think I'd like to get 1 ticket for the evening 7:30 pm showing.
Please give it a go again and look in San Francisco. I'd like a showing at 6:30 in the evening for Fiddler: A Miracle of Miracles.
I'd like 1 regular movie ticket for a show this Sunday.
I'd like to find a showing of Brittany Runs a Marathon in San Francisco.
I'm interested in 3d shows at 6:45 in the evening. You can search in Palo Alto as well.
No, I'm sorry. I need to make that 2 tickets for March 9th.
Can you find a regular show at around 2:30 in the afternoon?
Find tickets for the movie Farewell.
I'm going on a date so I will need two tickets please.
Can you search for something in Santa Clara on the 1st of march.
I'd like to see an imax show actually.
I'd like to see Chhichhore in Santa Clara. Just one ticket is good.
This would be Tuesday next week.
Yes, I'd like to go at 22:30 if possible.
I need movie tickets for Toy Story Four, now please.
I need it in Union City at 11 in the night. I need four tickets.
Regular, please.
I want today.
Can you try again? But I want Angel Has Fallen at quarter past 10 in the night.
I want three tickets
I need to watch it on 1st of March at night 10:15.
i am interested to watch a regular show
I need to watch 47 Meters Down
Search for movies in San Jose
I will need 2 tickets, please.
I would like 1 ticket for IT Chapter Two in Union City on the 3rd of this month.
I prefer a regular showing. Please get a ticket for the showing at 11 in the night.
Find me movies in San Francisco.
I need just one ticket, and a showing at 21:15 would be perfect.
Yes. I'd like to see This Is Not Berlin.
I'd like just a regular show, and something on the 4th of this month would be best.
Can you find me seats for Once Upon a Time In Hollywood?
I would prefer to see it around 10:30 in the night.
The date would be March 4th, just a regular show is find, some kind of movie around San Ramon would do.
Just two of us.
I would like four tickets to IT2 on March 3rd in Mountain View.
Let's make that a regular showing at 22:45.
Actually, you know what, I changed my mind. I think I want to watch Hustlers in Santa Clara, can you search there please?
I want to catch a night showing, maybe around quarter to 7 in the evening?
It's gonna be 3 of us
I wanna watch IT Chapter Two on the 7th, preferably in Mill Valley
A regular one is fine for us
I'm interested in getting 2 movie tickets please, something for a regular show.
I want to see something on Wednesday next week, around ten pm or so. And I'm in San Rafael.
Yeah, I want to see Hustlers.
Let's try that ticket purchase again please. How about a 10:45 pm imax show?
Whoops, let's make that next Friday instead. And I think I want to go in Santa Clara.
I want 2 tickets at 11 in the night.
I like Brittany Runs a Marathon.
Please find movies shown in Redwood CIty on the 2nd, I want a regular show.
No, please search movies shown in Palo Alto at evening 7:15.
No, I want Stage Door.
I would like to go to a theater in Mill Valley. I only need one ticket.
I was hoping to see IT2. A regular show would be fine.
I am thinking the 2nd of March would be a good day.
Yes, thanks for asking. I would like to visit at 6:45 in the evening.
I'm looking for some 3d movie tickets in San Jose.
I need 1 ticket for a movie at 8:15 pm.
I want to see it on the 5th of March.
I want to watch The Load.
Hey, can you help me get movie tickets to IT Chapter Two.
Only 1 ticket.
I want to go on March 6th. And I'm located in San Jose.
I think an imax showing would be cool. And I want to see it at the evening 7:45. Also can you look for shows on the 1st in San Ramon?
Wait, no. Can I actually do 3d.
I would like to buy a movie ticket in Concord on the 9th for four people.
I would like to watch Hustlers.
I want to watch in a imax show at 9:30 in the night.
I want to go out this evening. How about some tickets to see a movie at quarter past 6 in the evening?
I want to see Luce at Oakland on the 2nd of March.
A regular show would be ok.
Just 1 would be needed.
I want to purchase film tickets to a regular movie. Could you look for films playing in Santa Clara?
I'd like to view it on March 9th.
I desire 1 ticket.
I'd like to see Hustlers.
I'd like to see the film at 11 in the night.
Can you attempt to buy again? I'd like to watch it at Walnut creek on next Tuesday, during night 9:45.
I want to watch The Farewell in 3d
I'm going on a date so I need 2 tickets on Saturday this week in SF
Our date is gonna be at night so maybe at quarter to 7 in the evening?
Can you buy me movie tickets for movie shown in Rohnert Park?
I want 2 tickets for the show on March 1st.
I would like to watch Good Boys.
I would like to watch it at night 9:45.
I prefer imax show.
I need one ticket to a regular show.
I want to see Hustlers in Brentwood at 7:30 pm.
On the 3rd of this month.
Could you try March 4th at 10:30 pm in Santa Clara.
Just 1 ticket please.
Just a regular show, nothing special.
I want to watch Good Boys at 22:00.
Please find movies in Santa Rosa on March 2nd.
I was thinking about going to the cinema, I need three tickets.
A regular show is just fine. The movie is Good Boys and the date is the 5th of this month.
Nine pm.
Brentwood please.
I find boring myself to proceed in my routine life. i need a break so i plan to watch movies. will you buy movie tickets. i like to watch the show at 7 pm.
I like to watch The Lord of the Rings three and i need it on 6th of this month.
I need 1 tickets that should be a imax show.
i need to watch at IT2. Will you search for movies that shown in Mill Valley?
Hi, could you help me find some nice Action movies to watch please?
A show in Danville will be great.
Likely at 6:30 pm.
Four tickets for later today please.
An IMAX show will be great!
Are there any Cartoon movies showing at imax in Union City?
There will be two of us.
If I had my rathers I'd like the tickets for Wednesday next week for a 10:15 in the night showing.
I want to spend my free time by watching a nice Movie like the one with Dramatic Story. Can you find something for me and I want to watch it at Century 20 Oakridge and XD.
Search it in San Jose.
Book the show at ten pm.
Please try for some other time like half past 10 in the night on March 5th for a regular show.
Search for me movies shown in Napa.I would like to watch at Century Napa Valley and XD.
Find me something else.I want to watch a regular show.
At 22:15 will be okay.
Three tickets will be great.
I want four tickets for tomorrow.
I am interested in seeing an Imax show, preferrably a cartoon movie. Would you search for this in Santa Rosa?
I am interested in seeing the movie on the 4th at the quarter to 5 in the evening show and would lke 3 tickets.
Would you please try purchasing the tickets again but for 1 ticket to the quarter past 4 in the evening movie later today?
Can you find me a regular movie show that I can watch in Santa Rosa?
I think After the Wedding would be perfect. Can you get me three tickets for the 4:30 pm show on March 10th?
Can you check whether tickets are available for the show at quarter to 4 in the afternoon on March 7th?
I want to search for the movies in Mountain View.
Make it on 2nd of this month.
Book it for one person at ten in the night.
No, regular show is enough to me.
Find movies in Larkspur. I would like a 3d show.
I'd like to watch it on 7th of this month. I need two tickets.
I want to watch the show at afternoon 3:30
I'd like to find a movie to watch. Would you find me movies in Santa Rosa? A regular show would be good.
Good Boys is excellent. I'd lik to buy four movie tickets for 9:15 pm.
I'd like to watch it on Tuesday next week.
Can you find me a movie to watch at a Regal Jack London theater in Oakland? It should be a regular show.
Reserve 2 tickets for the movie at 21:45 for next Thursday.
I want to find a movie in Campbell.
Can you find some other movies? Find something at the Balboa Theatre in SFO.
A regular show.
I need 2 tickets for the 2:30 pm show on March 10th.
Try Healdsburg please.
A regular show is fine. I need one ticket for 7:45 pm.
Actually can you make that a 3d showing for later today?
Can you start your search by looking for Eccentric Story movies in the San Fran area?
I will need three tickets for the 8:15 pm show if available.
I think we would all much prefer the 3d show.
The March 2nd show I think will be the best option.
Can you find me a movie to watch in Berkeley?
I want to watch the 21:15 imax please
Can you look for movies showing in Healdsburg?
I would like to see an imax show tomorrow and I would like two tickets.
I would like to see the show at half past 8 in the night.
I would liek to watch a Scientific fiction in San Bruno at Century at Tanforan and XD.
I would like two tickets.
I would like to go on the 10th at 11:30 in the night.
I would like a regular show.
Somewhere close to home so I don't have to drive far would be great, start with Brentwood.
I prefer a regular show, playing at 7:45 pm, on the 16th.
It will only be me, so 1 is fine.
Hi, could you get me a regular Imaginative fiction movie in Hayward please?
I will need 3 tickets for the 9:45 pm movie on the 10th of this month.
I want to search for it in San Jose and I would like to prefer a 3D show.
I want to find some other movies and I think Supernatural movies will be perfect for me and search for the one showing at AMC Saratoga.
I want to watch it at 8:30 pm and please buy 2 tickets.
Book it on the 7th.
Please change the date and time to 1st of March at half past 9 in the night.
Also book for 4 tickets.
I'd like to look for a film to view at the raven Film Center. Could you look for a film playing in Healdsburg? I'd like to view a 3d film.
I'd like to view the film on the 2nd of this month.
I'd like to view the show during 5:15 in the evening.
I am interested in going for a movie in mountain view. Can you help in this?
I would like to buy tickets for the movie Ad Astra and want to see it on 10th of this month at 22:00. I need 3 tickets.
Regular show is okay for me.
Can you search for movies in Santa ROsa.
i need 1 tickets.
I need to watch at half past 11 in the morning. i want to watch a regular show.
Can you find me a regular screening of a Supernatural genre movie at AMC NewPark
Can you look in the Newark area?
IT2 is great! Buy me three tickets for the 10:15 in the night showing on the 10th of March
I need it at Century 20 Great Mall and XD, for movies in Milpitas. I want to see Action.
I want it at 10 o"clock in the night on the 2nd of March.
I want a regular one.
I need 2 tickets.
I want to watch it in Dublin.
I need 2 tickets for the movie on Tuesday next week at 11 o"clock in the night.
I like to prefer with regular one.
I would like to watch a regular show at 3rd Street Cinema in Santa Rosa.
I would like to go in the evening 4:45.
I would like to watch it next Thursday.
Will you search for movies shown in Santa Rosa.
Fiddler is the right one. I want to buy movie tickets for 1 ticket.
I'd like to watch a regular show.
I would like to watch the show at 11:15 am on the 9th.
I am looking for a movie to watch at AMC NewPark.
Can you look for the movie in Newark?
47 Meters DOwn: Uncaged sounds great. Can you book me 1 movie ticket for the regular show at two in the afternoon.
I would like to watch it on Sunday this week.
I want to find movies in Palo Alto.
Ladykillers is perfect. Can you buy me some tickets for quarter to 8 in the evening? I want to watch the movie in 3d.
Get me one ticket for March 1st.
Hi, could you help me find a regular show to watch at Roxy Stadium Cinemas in Santa Rosa please?
I need two tickets for the movie at half past 9 in the night.
On the March 3rd please.
Can you help me find movies in El Cerrito?
I'd like to see the movie on Sunday this week at 19:15. A regular show is fine.
I'd like four tickets.
I need to find a movie in Santa Rosa.
I would like to purchase 2 tickets.
No. This Saturday would work better.
Anything in Mill Valley?
Anything at seven in the evening on March 1st. I would like three tickets.
Just a regular show.
I need you to find me movies in San Jose
I prefer Ad Astra and need four tickets
I have to see a regular show movie at 10:30 in the night
I prefer to see it on 16th of this Month
Can you please help me find a 3d family movie shown in San Jose.
Farewell is great. I'm buying tickets for ten pm on 4th of March.
Just one ticket.
I want to search it in San Leandro.
Yes, Overcomer is good and I want to purchase the tickets now. Please buy one ticket on March 7th for the show time at 10:30 pm.
I need to watch a Imax Show. Make it accordingly.
will you find me movies in Hayward?
Please find some other movies, I need to watch movies at CineLux Tennant Station. Will you find movies which are shown in Morgan Hill?
Hobbs and Shaw is Perfect and i like to buy movie tickets. I need to watch it a regular show and the day is on this saturday.
I need to watch the show at 9:30 pm.
i need 3 tickets.
Would you look in San Jose for some movies to see?
Look around for some other movie options, such as a Dramatic story.
See if you can find some other movies in San Rafael please.
I want to get some movie tickets to a 3d show of A Faithful Man. It' sounds great.
I need 3 tickets to see it on the 8th of this month for the evening 6:15 show.
I want to watch a movie at Century 25 Union Landing and XD. I like dramatic story movies.
Look for movies in Union City.
I want 1 ticket to a regular movie on Friday next week.
I want to watch it at quarter to 11 in the night.
I would like a regular drama movie at Regal Crow Canyon.
Please look in San Ramon,
I would like 3 tickets for Hustlers at quarter past 7 in the evening.
On the 3rd of March.
I'm after an Imax film at Century Blackhawk Plaza in Danville can you tell me whats on?
Just one please
Let's look for movies in Oakland.
Let's get three tickets.
I'd like to see the show at night 10 on the 2nd. I'm fine with a regular show.
Hi, could you help me search for some nice Anime movies please?
I'm at home alone and it is awfully quiet, so it's the perfect time to sit back and watch a movie. Can you find me a movie with Michaela Watkins starring in it and preferably directed by Paul Downs Colaizzo?
Are there any movies with actor Josh Gad in them?
I want to find a good film to watch with Duane Whitaker and I want something directed by Quentin Tarantino.
I would like to find a movie to watch in the Imaginative fiction genre.
i want to watch a movie, maybe a thriller directed by Riley Stearns.
I want to watch a movie that Ian Hendry is in.
I saw that already. I would rather see a family genre directed by Herbert Ross.
I'd like to watch a movie directed by Alex Kendrick.
I want to watch a Zoe Bell movie.
Can you find me a nice movie directed by James Gray to watch?
I would like to choose a movie to watch. Can you help me find a movie in the Comic genre with James Corden in it?
It's suppose to be raining all day so I'm cooped up in the house and bored. Can you help find me a movie to watch, preferably one that is classified as a Comic and directed by Nitesh Tiwari?
Okay, let's try something else. How about a movie directed by Gene Stupnitsky instead?
Can you find me a thriller movie directed by Alexander Mackendrick?
I want to watch a McKinley Belcher III movie. I want something directed by Simon Curtis. It should be a drama.
I want to watch a movie staring Daniel Camp and directed by Herbert Ross.
Can you find a movie. I'm interested in a movie by the director Quentin Tarantino.
Let me enjoy movie directed by Nitesh Tiwari, is there any one?
My friend and I want to go see a movie but we can't find one we like. We really want to see a Drama.
Yeah, we already saw that one. Is there anything directed by Hari Sama?
Hey I need help finding a movie please, I like movies by Satoshi Kon.
Find me a movie directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Anything else, preferably something with Eugene Dynarski?
I would like to find an Exotic movie.
Yes, okay,but I need to find some other movies especially the one directed by Jovanka Vuckovic. Do you have something like this in your options?
I'm looking to watch an action movie directed by David Leitch starring Alex King.
Can you help me search for a Horror movie to watch?
I have some leisure time so that i could watch a movie. Will you find me a movie directed by Kirill Mikhanovsky and find something like Comedy-drama genre?
I'd like to find something an Eccentric story movie to watch. What do you recommend?
I like to watch a movie. will you find me a movie which has sterling K. Brown as a actor and it should be directed by Thurop Van Orman
I want to watch a suspense movie directed by Josephine Decker.
Can you help me find a movie to stream in the Play genre?
I wish to see the movie which is directed by David Leitch and acted by Lori Pelenise Tuisano.
I want to see a movie by Peter Jackson that is a Fantasy.
Not interested. Any other movies which are directed by QUentin Tarantino? type of movie should be Cult genre.
Anything else? I like films directed by Steven Spielberg in the Imaginative fiction genre.
What other movies are there? I want something with Conleth Hill in it.
I am in San Jose. Also I want to see a 3D movie.
Yes, please find me some other movies. I want to see something at CineLux Almaden.
March 5th.
I like Horror movies and would also like to see a movie in Concord. Can you search for one there?
I am thinking of going on March 2nd and I would like to see it at Veranda LUXE Cinema.
Make it movies in Santa Clara
I'll see it this Saturday
A friend and I want to see an imax show at CineLux Tennant Station. What movies are out?
What fantasy movies are being shown in Morgan Hill?
No, not right now. What times is it playing on March 2nd?
I'mm interested in seeing an imax movie in Petaluma.
I plan on seeing it on the 2nd of March.
I am currently at Sebastopol, could you find for movies currently showing in this area?
What are the show times available for this movie? Would it be possible on the March 5th for a 3d version of this movie?
I'm in Livermore.
No, not right now. I want to watch it on Tuesday next week, at Livermore Cinema.
I really want to find a movie to watch. I was thinking we could go to an imax show.
What movies are showing in Fremont?
Shazam! sounds great. What time is it showing on the 8th of March?
can you search for movies shown in San Jose.i like Adventure movies.
I like Documentary movies. could you try again?
Can you search for moveis shown SFO. I want to watch at Roxie Theater. Please find some other movies.
I want to watch a regular show. I want to want it on 3rd of this month.
Hey, I'm looking for a movie to watch in Oakland. Is there anything available?
Please find some different movies. Any showing is fine.
March 7th, please.
I'm currently looking at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. I want to watch a movie on a big imax screen. Can you find some good movies in the San Francisco area?
Yeah, Knock Down The House sounds good. When does this movie start? I want to go see it on the 8th of March.
I need to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
Can you find a movie shown in SFO.
I like to watch it on 9th of this month.
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Livermore Cinema.
Are you able to find movies playing at Livermore?
After sounds great! I plan on watching it on the 2nd of this month. Can you tell me what time is the showing?
Could you help me finding a movie to watch in Union City, please?
could you please find me something else, like a scary movie at Century Union Landing?
Curse of La Llorona is perfect. What time can I watch a imax on the 7th
Find me a good flick in SFO.
Nah. Find me something regular.
Keep going. I'm flexible.
On March 1st.
I am in Brentwood, there are a few theaters. What movies are around here?
I don't like those options. Show me imax shows.
CineLux Delta Cinema Saver is the closest theater I think. I want to see it on March 2nd.
I want to find a movie to watch, Can you search for the movies shown in Petaluma?
No, I don't want to purchase now. What time can I watch it? I want to watch a 3d show.
I want to watch is on March 4th. I want to watch at Boulevard Cinema
I need to find a movie to watch in Livermore. I'd like to see an imax show.
Look for something else. Something regular.
Not right now. When is it showing at Vine Cinema?
I'd like to see it on the 2nd of this month.
I'd like to discover a film to watch. Can you search for San Bruno shown films.
How long can I watch it? Every theater is okay.
I'm waiting to see it on 2nd of March .
I live in Walnut Creek.
Not right now? I just want to know showtimes on March 2nd.
Hi. I want to find a comedy movie to watch at Century Oakridge. Can you help me with that?
I'm in San Jose.
No, I don't want to purchase tickets now. But can you tell me when I can see it? I want to see it in 3d next Tuesday.
What movies are showing in San Jose? I really want to go see a movie.
Nah, those aren't what I'm looking for. What imax shows are out?
Oh, sorry. I would like to see it on the 9th of March.
I'm in Union City, can you suggest any movies there?
I want to watch a regular showing on the 5th.
Can you show me movies shown in Morgan Hill.
No, I want to watch it on Sunday this week. What times is it showing?
I want to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
No thanks. I like fantasy movies. Can you now search in Campbell?
On the 2nd.
Im looking to watch a movie that is in 3d.
I want to watch the movie at Boulevard Cinema. Can you find movies that are showing in Petaluma? I enjoy comedy movies.
I would like to watch the movie on the 4th.
Hey, I want to go see a movie. Any theater is cool for me.
I am in Santa Rosa and want the closest theater. What movies are there now?
Find some more options, please. I want to see 3rd Street Cinema.
Yes, The Upside is what I want to see then. What are the showtimes for today?
Brentwood, please. I'd like to watch an Adventure movie at AMC Brentwood.
Not at the moment. I'd like to watch an imax show, what are the available times?
March 2nd, please.
I would like to watch a regular show at the Century at Tanforan. Could you make the search for movies in San Bruno?
The 5th of this month would be perfect.
I am looking for a 3d suspense movie in Santa Clara.
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it showing at AMC Mercado?
the 1st please.
It's movie night! I'm trying to decide what to watch. Can you find movies shown in Sonoma?
I'd like to see it on March 5th.
I'm looking for a movie to watch tonight. My favorites are scary movies.
A theater in Berkeley would be most convenient.
I want to go sometime today. I think the United Artists Berkeley would be the closest to where I am.
Can you find a funny movie for me at AMC Brentwood?
Find a 3d movie in Brentwood.
I want to go later today.
Is there another show time? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
Find movies in Larkspur
Not now, what times are available and any theatre is fine.
1st of this month
I would like to find a 3d movie to watch.
Could you search for movies playing in Union City. Preferably at Century Union Landing.
No, I don't want to buy tickets now. What times are the movies playing? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I haven't seen a new movie a months. Can you find me an Imax show in Campbell to watch?
Can you tell me if it's playing on the 2nd at Pruneyard cinemas?
I'm looking for a Comedy to watch in a theatre today, can you help me pick one?
I'm in Oakland right now.
Not really - can you find some others? I'd like to go to the New Parkway Theater, a regular show, nothing 3D, they make me queasy.
I'm thinking the 7th of this month.
I want to go to the movies. Find me a drama
In Sebastopol
I want to see Hackers on the 7th of this month. What time does it play?
I would like it in San Bruno.
This Saturday at Century at Tanforan.
Search for movies being shown in Newark.
Can you find some other movies at AMC NewPark.
Find some other movies, any type of movie is fine.
What time can I watch the movie on the 2nd?
My friend and I want to watch a movie at Century Daly City
I am in Daly City - can you find Adventure movies for us?
Shazam! sounds good! What times are available on the 4th of March?
I want to watch a imax show for movies in Fremont.And I want to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
I like adventure movies.Please find some other movies.
Shazam! is perfect.I want to watch it on Friday next week . What time can I watch it?
I am in Vallejo
I want to watch Captain Marvel. What time do they have available
I want to watch on March 2nd
I'm on Oakland. Can you show me movies from here?
I changed my mind. Can you show me regular shows?
It's not necessary to buy now. What time on March 1st can I watch it?
Please look for a movie in Emeryville.
Yes, Teen Spirit would be great. What time is an imax showing playing?
I want to see the movie on the 1st of this month please.
San Francisco.
On the 15th.
My friend and I are looking to watch a movie later. Can you find movies in Walnut Creek?
We would like to see Little. Is there any times available for Tuesday next week?
Please can you look for some good movies in Santa Rosa of Sonoma County?
Not exactly for the debut movies but might for the latest one. Please can you suggest some other movies? If you can find the one shown in Oakland, that would be perfect.
Nope, I would like to watch Funny movies especially a imax show. Please can you find any such movies?
I will be available on March 9th. That day would work.
in Pleasant Hill, Is there any nice movie you can find here?
Yes, I need to clarify, at what time, I can watch this movie on 2nd of this month.
I'm in Brentwood
Long Shot sounds perfect. What are the show times? I would like to watch a 3d show.
I prefer the 1st of March.
I am looking for a movie to watch. Can you find movies that are showing in Morgan Hill?
Please look for other movies. Are you able to do a search for movies in Emeryville? I would like to see something in IMax.
Teen Spirit will be perfect. What time will I be able to watch it? I would like to see it at AMC Bay Street?
I would like to see it today?
Can you search around Sebastopol?
Can I have some more options? And can you search in Union City?
9th of March.
I'm in Berkeley. Any good movies here?
I would like to go today.
I'd like to see a movie at Century Rowland Plaza.
I'd like to see an imax movie in Novato.
I'd like to see it on March 1st.
Can you search in Brentwood.
Please find some other movies in San Ramon. Any theatre is fine.
I want to watch 3d show, pls find other movies
No. I want to watch on 2nd of March. What time can i watch?
Can you find me a movie to watch at CineLux Tennant Station
Look for movies in Morgan Hill
Captain Marvel sounds perf. What Time can I watch? I want a regular show time
On march 7th.
I'd like to a show. Can you help me find a 3d movie near me?
I'm in Cloverdale.
I'd like to see it on the 2nd.
I feel like watching a movie. What's available in San Jose?
Can you search for other ones? Something at CineLux Almaden.
The Curse of La Llorona is great. What time is it available in March 5th?
This week, I have a lot to do and meeting to attend. I think I'll deserve some time to relax and watch a movie, something I could really use your help choosing. I want to see a Non-fiction movie that I can watch on imax. You have any ideas for me?
Please recommend a movie that's showing in San Bruno.
Please set the date for the 8th of March.
I want to find movies in San Ramon.
I want to see it on Saturday this week.
What's the address for Cinelux Tennant Station?
Do you know which movies are showing in Morgan Hill?
Is there a imax show nearby?
March 2nd is perfect for me.
I want to watch a movie in San Francisco.
Find some comic movies. I want to watch at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
I want to watch tomorrow.
Look for movies shown in SFO.
I want to watch it at Embarcadero Center Cinema on the 2nd of this month.
A fun movie is on the agenda for our upcoming family night out. It's kind of a big deal because we're still celebrating graduation, and we want to see a movie that's 3d, lighthearted and rated for all ages. What's your take on a movie recommendation, please?
How about a search in San Ramon. Any kind of movie is fine, just as long as it's fun.
Okay, I expect we'll go see the movie on the 5th at THE LOT City Center.
I want movies shown in Union City.
I prefer tomorrow at Century Union Landing. Whatever type of show is absolutely fine.
Search for movies in SFO please.
Can you find some other movies? I like the War genre.
Aftermath sounds great! What are the showtimes for IMAX showings?
I want to see it on the 1st.
Can you help me find movies in Oakland?
I'd like to see it at New Parkway Theater on the 10th of March.
It will be fine in SFO
Try some other particularly in Vallejo, imax show.
On 2nd of March.
Yeah, I have changed the date to March 1st and at Century Vallejo.
Find theaters playing 3D movies in San Jose.
Find Drama movies on imax.
This Saturday.
I am going to watch a movie at the Piedmont Theatre
Have you tried searching for movies in Oakland
I will purchase a ticket later what time will be good so I can watch a imax show
How about the 7th of March
What are some flicks in Oakland?
Dr. Strangelove sounds good. I don't care about the theater, but what times are available?
I'd like to catch it on the 10th.
Search for movies only shown in Vacaville.
Try to find movies shown in Albany.
On the 5th at Albany Twin will be good.
Please find a movie in San Francisco.
Please check the showtimes for this Saturday.
Is it on at any other times? I'd actually like to go to the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
I need the movies being shown in Brentwood.
No, something else. An imax show is what I am looking for.
I am planning to watch it on March 2nd.
Search for movies at Menlo Park.
I would like to see it March 9th.
Is it available at another time? How about on March 4th?
Find movies in SF.
I want a 3D showing, on March 2nd, at the Vogue Theatre.
I wish to see a move at AMC NewPark.
Kindly find a movie in Newark.
Could you please search for some other movies? I wish to see a Fantasy movie at imax show.
I wish to see it on the 1st.
Can you search a comic movie for me?
I am in Santa Clara, can you search here?
search for March 11th.
I would like to watch a horror movie.
Search for movies in San Jose area
Tuesday next week would be best
Can you find movies in Martinez?
The 9th of this month and I would like a regular show.
I would like to go to Vine Cinema in Livermore.
I would like to watch it on the 3rd.
I would like to search for movies in Santa Rosa, please.
I would like to watch the movie at any theater today.
I want movies in Vacaville.
Not right now. What time can I see the show? I want to watch a regular show.
I want to watch it tomorrow.
I'd like to find a movie to watch at Century San Francisco Centre.
Help me find movies showing in San Francisco.
How about next Thursday?
In Vacaville please
No I want something else. What's playing in San Bruno. I don't care which theater.
On the 2nd of this month. Does it come in imax?
The Redwood City
the Century Redwood city the March 1st
San Rafael, please. I'd like to see a Drama movie.
March 1st, please.
Can you search Larkspur for Drama movies?
Lets go see Transit, What time is it? Ill go to any theater.
Next Tuesday is when i want to see it.
I want to find a movie to watch at AMC Saratoga.
Search for 3d movies in San Jose.
Please find movies in Union City.
Could you find some other movies? I prefer Adventure movies.
I wish to see it on March 4th.
Are there any good movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I would like to see it on March 2nd in a 3d showing.
I feel like going to the movies. I'd like to go see a 3d movie at Guild Theatre.
Can you look for films which are playing in Menlo Park?
Red Joan sounds great. What time is it playing on March 9th?
Search for movies playing right now in Napa.
Let's go with Sunday this week.
Comedy movies are my favorites.Search for me movies shown in SF .I would love to watch a imax show.
I want to watch at Century San Francisco Centre the movie Missing Link .At what time can it be?
I would like to be on 1st of this month.
I would like to see a movie in Santa Rosa.
Dumbo would be great, what are the playing times on March 1st at any theater.
I'm looking for movies in Santa Clara.
What time is the movie showing at AMC Mercado?
Wednesday next week.
I am in Oakland, so can you find me any nearby movies?
I am interested in seeing something else, preferably at the Regal Jack London.
The Best of Enemies sounds good to watch, can you tell me 3d showtimes for Saturday this week?
I'd like to watch a movie at THE LOT City Center.
Look for movies plating San Ramon.
I'm looking forward to seeing it on the 1st.
Can you find movies in Albany?
Next Tuesday please.
I would like to go to an Imax movie, can you find me a Comedy to watch?
I'm located in Oakland.
Gloria Bell would be good - I'd like to see it on the 9th of this month, what time does it start at?
I want to find a movie to watch at Century Walnut Creek.
Can you search for movies shown in Walnut Creek? I'd like to watch a regular show.
No, not now. What are the viewing times and dates? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I would like to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
I would like to watch it on the 1st of March.
I'm in Santa Rosa. I'm in the mood for a fantasy movie.
I want to go on 6th of March, to a regular show at 3rd Street cinema.
I'm in San Francisco. What's available?
No, I want something else please. Any theater will do.
Please find something else. I'm interested in drama movies. Are there any regular showings available?
I am looking for showtimes on the 17th.
I want to see a movie in San Bruno. What's available?
No, what else is there? I want to see a regular show.
What time is it? I want to go to Century at Tanforan.
I'd like to go on the 1st.
I want to watch a movie in SF
I want Horror movies
I am available to watch on 7th of this month
Can you search movies in San Ramon.
I would like Scary movies. I would like to watch THE LOT City Center.
Can you find some other movies, I like all kinds.
I would like to see Little. I would like to watch it on March 1st.
I like Biographical movies, can you search for movies shown in Vallejo? I want to watch a 3d show.
Monday next week would be superb. I'd prefer to see it at Century Vallejo
What's showing in San Jose?
What time is it showing at CineLux Almaden?
I am available on the 3rd.
I would like to go to a movie in San Ramon. Can you tell me what movies are playing?
The 9th is the date I am looking to watch it.
Can you do a search for me? I'm looking for 3d movies in San Jose.
I'm in San Ramon, please find a movie there.
No, I don't need tickets right away. What time is their imax showing?
Please check the 9th of this month.
Find me movies in Union City.
I'd like to watch it on the 7th of March.
I'd like to see an imax show at Century at Pacific Commons. I want to watch it.
Can you check for a movie in Fremont?
When can I see it on the 8th of March?
Please look for movies in SFO.
Please find some other options in imax.
What time is the showtimes on March 1st?
Can you find all movies in Pleasant Hill?
On the 2nd of this month, I want to watch a 3d movie. Can you tell me what 3d movies are playing near me?
Hey, they got any Fantasy movies playing at THE LOT City Center?
Look in San Ramon.
The 1st of this month. Look for the 3d version.
I want to watch movie. Any kind of movie works for me.
Can you find movies playing in Martinez.
Missing Link is great! What time I see it? I want to see it on the 1st of March at Contra Costa.
Can you find me movies shown in Emeryville
Please find some more movies. I would like to watch at AMC Bay Street for a 3d show.
Pet Sematary is so good. What time can I watch it? My preferred date is March 8th.
Could you try once? I wanna watch it on Saturday this week.
Find me a regular movie to watch.
I am in Concord.
I want to see it on March 1st.
I want to find a movie to watch. I want to watch a regular show.
Can you search for movies shown in SF.
I want to watch it on 2nd of March.
My husband and I want to watch a 3d movie. Where is the closest place?
I'm in San Jose. Can you look around there?
No, Sunday this week when we have a babysitter. We want the CineLux Almaden.
I would love to see a 3d show in Menlo Park.Can you help me find one?
It will be great to watch at Guild Theatre,tell me please at what time can I watch it.
In 9th of this month it will be great for me.
I wish to watch a movies shown in Morgan Hill. So Find it in that place.
No, Not at all. Please search for other movies. Will you search for movies shown in Union City and I like to watch at Century Union Landing location.
No, Not interested . Find some other movies, will you find me 3d movies
At what time i shall able to watch that movie? Whether i could able to watch it on 2nd of this month.
Can you find me a 3D movie to watch?
Please find me movies in Brentwood.
I don't like those. Show me movies in Pleasant Hill.
I'd like to see it on 2nd of March.
I am in Antioch, can you search for nearby movies?
I am more interested in fantasy movies, can you give me movie recommendations for the AMC Deer Valley?
I want to see the movie on the 4th of this month.
Can you search a movie shown in Palo Alto? I want to watch a movie.
Pillow Talk sounds good. What time is the movie?
I am planning to watch a regular show on 5th of this month.
I am looking for a movie in Alameda.
Give me some more choices please Check the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex for an imax show.
Next Friday would be perfect for me.
I really want to watch a Fantasy movie. Is there anything available?
I'm in Campbell. I'd like to go to Pruneyard Cinemas.
I want to watch the imax show next Friday.
Please search for movies showing in Mill Valley.
Please find out the screening times for 3d shows.
Yes, I'd love to watch it later today.
I am planning to catch a movie with my friend later. Can you recommend a 3d movie?
I want to know what movies are showing in Emeryville. I am particularly interested in movies of the Thriller genre.
I would like to catch the movie on 8th of March. Can you find me the screen times for this show on that date?
Can you find me a 3d show at the Guild Theatre at Menlo Park?
Red Joan will work. what times are avaliable for the 9th of this month.
Can you tell me what movies are playing at Century Cinemas?
In San Leandro. I'd like to watch the 3d show.
Breakthrough sound great! I'd like to watch it on the 2nd. What time is it playing?
Can you look for movies in Livermore?
No thanks. I like adventure movies and I want to watch an Imax show.
2nd of March.
How about Friday next week at Livermore Cinema?
I want to watch a 3d movice in Emeryville.
I want to watch the movie on the 8th at AMC Bay Street.
Hi, I would like to search for movies currently shown at Albany Twin.
I would prefer movies shown in Albany.
Not yet, what are the available time slots for this movie next Tuesday?
Can you find me a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield?
Sure. Search any kind of movies in Fairfield.
I'd particularly like a 3d movie.
No, not at this moment? At what time is it screening? I'd like to go on the 1st of this month.
Can you help me search for movies that are playing in Emeryville?
I like Comedy movies, can you please help me find one?
Missing Link is perfect. What time would I be able to watch it? I would like to watch it on the 8th of this month.
I want to watch something in Imax in San Francisco
I don't really like any of those. How about some Drama films? I want to watch it at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
The Mustang sounds good. What are the times if I want to watch it Wednesday next week?
I want to find a movie to watch. I like comic movies. I want to watch at Century Napa Valley.
I want to watch a 3D show. Can you search for movies in Napa?
I want to watch it on the 1st of March.
I am interested in watching adventure movies in imax show.
I want you to have a search for movies which are shown in walnut creek
I feel Shazam is good for me and i want to watch it in Century Walnut Creek and what is the show time?
I am interested in watching the movie on Monday next week.
I want to watch in San Ramon
On 2nd of this month.
Can you search for movies in San Jose.
I want to watch 3 Below Theaters and lounge.
Mary Magdalene is good I would like to watch it this Saturday a imax show.
Check what's playing in Union City please.
I wanted to go to the movies next Thursday.
Look for movies in San Jose.
No, can you find an imax show in Concord?
I want to see it on Wednesday next week.
I'm looking for something to do with my evening. What movies are showing in San Jose?
I'm thinking today at the AMC Eastridge.
I want to watch a movie in Union City.
I want to watch a Scary movie in imax.
I want to see it on March 7th.
I want to watch a movie that's been shown in Fairfield.
No.I'll buy tickets later. Can you find a 3d show?
The 1st of this month.
San Jose, so search for movies there.
Actually, Breakthrough sounds great. I want to see it on the 3rd so what times is it playing then?
Can you find me a movie? I'm in the mood for action
In Oakland please
The day after tomorrow please
I want to watch a Rom-com movie.
I am looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
I want to go on the 1st.
I'm looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
No. What's showing at Summerfield Cinemas?
I'm looking for an imax show this Saturday.
I'm in Oakland.
I wanna watch it on 1st of this month.
I want to see it at Century Union Landing. What movies are playing in Union City?
I'd like to see it on Saturday this week.
I want the see the 3d version on the 1st of this month. Is it showing then?
I want to watch a movie at AMC Bay Street
Searc in Emeryville, please
Yes, I want to watch a imax show: what time is it?
On later today
I think that I want to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
Does SF have any movies showing?
I think we should do Suburban Birds. I think I want something regular on the 17th. Do you have any times?
Can you look for movies in SF.
Can you please look for some other movies, I'd like to see an imax show.
Can you find some other movies I'd like to go see them at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. Any kind of movie will do.
Oh yeah, what time is the movie? I'd like to watch it on the 8th?
I like Ghost movies. Search for movies in San Jose.
I want to see it Tuesday next week
Can you tell me which movies are playing at Lark Theater, please. I'd like to find a good one to watch.
Search for movies in Larkspur.
Shine a light sounds perfect. When is it screening? Any show type is OK.
I'd like the 1st of March, if possible.
I would like to see a movie in San Ramon.
I am more in to adventure movies. Could you look for some different movies. Also, I would like to watch at THE LOT City Center.
I would like to watch the regular showing next Monday. What time do they have available, then?
I would like to see a thriller movie located in Brentwood.
What are the show times at AMC Brentwood?
Definitely on March 5th. Is it available
Can you show me movies in San Jose.
No they don't sound like my cup of tea. What about a 3d film.
I want to go next Friday.
Would you look for theaters around Emeryville? That's where we're eating.
I'd like to see something at the AMC Bay Street. Preferably a comic book-type movie. If you can find one of those, that would be great!
I forgot. I wanted to see it on Imax and March 8th would be the date.
Please search for movies in downtown San Fran.
I want to know when I can go see that movies. What are the regular show times?
I would like to see this movie on the 2nd.
Can you tell me what's on in San Francisco.
What time is it playing on 3rd of March.
I want to find an imax movie to watch later tonight.
I am located near Hillsborough.
I'd like to try and watch it on the 1st of March.
San Jose. I want to watch a regular show.
No, something else, in 3D, please.
On the 3rd.
I like Life history movies and want to find a movie to watch. I would like to watch Century at Hayward.
Please find movies in Hayward.
Breakthrough sounds great. What time is it available to watch? I am interested in a regular show.
I want to see it on the 7th.
I would like to watch a 3d movie.
I would like movies in Petaluma.
No not at present. What time is it on? I am interested in showing on the 4th at Boulevard Cinema.
I would like hear about movies being played in Brentwood.
No not right now, can I have the show times and can you look for the movie in 3d?
I would like to watch a imax show on the 2nd of this month.
I feel like being spooked out. Can you help me find some scary movies?
Please look for movies showing in Campbell.
The Curse of La Llorona works good for me. What time is it showing? I'd like to go on the 9th.
I want to find a comedy movie. Search for movies now showing in Oakland.
Let's try something else. I want a regular show. Something like a Biographical movie.
No, not right now. What time does it play? I also want to watch Regal Jack London next Friday.
I want to watch a movie, can you search for movies shown in San Jose.
I want to go on the 11th, at 3 Below Theaters And Lounge.
Can you find for movies shown in Santa Clara.
I like to watch imax show on 1st of March.
I wanna go to the cinema. I don't mind the theatre.
Can you search movies in San Francisco?
Dumbo is perfect. What time can I watch it? I'd like to watch it on March 3rd.
Can you search for movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I would like to see After. Any type of show is fine. What times is it showing?
I'd like to see it on the 1st of this month.
Search for Fantasy movies in San Jose.
No, I don't want to buy the ticket right now. Can you find me the timing of the movie on March 1st at Cinemark?
What are some movies playing in Emeryville right now?
On the 4th of this month.
Give me a 3d show.
I am in Petaluma.
What times are available on the 2nd of this month at Boulevard Cinema.
I'm in San Francisco. Try searching for movies shown there.
Can you find some other movies? I want to watch one at an imax show in the AMC Metreon nearby.
March 2nd would be nice.
I am in San Francisco, can you search for movies in this city?
Can you give me more movie recommendations, I want to see an IMAX show and I do like seeing comic movies.
At what time can I watch the movie, if I plan on seeing it on the 1st of this month?
I would like to find movies shown in Moraga tonight.
Lets watch it on the 2nd of this month and right now I will watch a regular T.V. show.
What movies are being shown in Healdsburg?
I want to see it 1st of March, in imax, at Raven Film center.
I wish to search for a movie at Tiburon Playhouse.
Could you please find the movie in Tiburon?
I wish to see it on the 9th.
Can you find me a movie shown in Vallejo
Can you search regular show movies shown in Santa Clara
Any other movies available?
Long shot sounds great. I want to watch on the 11th at AMC Mercado
I want to watch a movie in Larkspur. I want to watch some Horror movies.
What are the showtimes for the 1st of March?
I'm in Redwood City. Are there any Adventure movies playing at Century Redwood City?
On March 4th.
I'm looking for a movie at CineLux Tennant Station.
Something in Adventure at Morgan Hill, a regular show.
Shazam sounds good, what times are there for Monday next week?
Look in Santa Rosa.
What time is After playing later today?
I'm looking for a movie to see preferably in Livermore.
I'd like to see High Life. I'd like to see a 3d show. What time could I see it?
The day after tomorrow.
Find movies in the Santa Rosa area please.
Eh, I kind of want to watching something a little more regular. Can you find what is playing at the Airport Stadium Cinemas?
I plan on going to the theater Friday next week.
Find me please a movie to watch at Airport Stadium Cinemas
In Santa Rosa search me please.
It will be perfect for me to watch on next Friday.
Hey, I want a movie. Find me one in San Ramon, please. A good one this time!
Cool, but find some other ones too please. I love Adventure movies.
Yeah, I heard of that one! I want to see Shazam then. What showtimes are there today? Actually I'm free on the 2nd.
I prefer Union City.
Can you find some other choices? I prefer an adventure movie at Century Union Landing.
I would like to see it at an imax show on March 4th.
Please find me a non-fiction movie at the Roxie Theater.
Please search in the San Francisco area.
No. That's ok. I'm interested in the time for a regular show.
Let's try the day after tomorrow.
Can you help me find an adventure movie showing in concord?
I'd like to go watch it next wednesday.
I'm looking for a 3d movie in Brentwood.
No. Also, you can look at any theatre.
On the 7th.
I'm really bored. Can you find me a movie to watch in Union City?
Hotel Mumbai! Yes! Will there be a showing at Century Union Landing?
I am looking for movies in San Ramon.
I am not interested in those, are there any Adventure movies?
What are the schedules for the movie on the 2nd of March?
I wanna find a movie to watch. Can you search for movies in Alameda?
Nope, not now. What time can I watch it? I wanna watch it at Alameda Theatre & Cineplex. Any type of show is fine.
I wanna watch it on the 1st.
I want to watch a Suspense movie at Century Cinemas.
Century Cinemas is in San Leandro.
I want to go on March 3rd.
Yes. Search in San Bruno.
I want to want at Century at Tanforan, find some other movies.
I want to watch on 1st of this month.
Can you check for a regular showing of a horror movie in Redwood City.
Please check the 1st of this month.
Can you help me find a Comic movie?
I also like drama movies. Can you find a movie in Sebastopol?
Can you find other movies? I want to see an IMAX movie at Rialto Cinemas.
March 1st.
Life is very enthuastic and energitic , i need to enjoy it almost every moment in my life. Will you find a movie to watch? Any type of movies is opt for me.
Find movies in San Francisco area?
I want it on Saturday this week.
whether any other time is available and i need to watch a imax show and need to watch at Embarcadero Center Cinema.
Can you help me find Biographical movies to watch? It's been a while since I've seen one in the theatre.
I'm looking for movies in Morgan Hill.
Breakthrough is perfect. Are there any times for the 3rd?
Can you try March 1st at CineLux Tennant Station?
Can you find me an Imax movie Show?
search for me in Sebastopol.
make a search for 1st of this month.
Find me a movie in Santa Clara.
I'm planning on going to see it on the 4th of this month, as I have off from work. I'm hoping to catch the imax show at AMC Mercado.
I want to watch a a imax movie. I love the Ghost movies.
Show me movies for Mountain View.
Tomorrow at Century Cinema
I'm searching for movies to watch. I prefer Drama movies
Could you search for movies in Menlo Park.
What time can I see it? I want to watch on the 9th and a 3d show.
Pleasant Hill.
Anything else? I am looking for Scary movies.
Curse of La Llorona sounds great. Is it playing on 6th of March?
I'd like to see the movie in Union City, and I'd like it to be a Thriller movie.
I'd like to see it on March 2nd, and I want it to be a 3d show.
Somewhere in San Fran.
Tell me what is showing at the CineLux Tennant Station in Morgan Hill.
Not right now. What times are available. I'd liek to see it in Imax if possible.
On the 1st of March.
Can you search for movies shown in Sonoma?
I want to watch the movie on 9th of this month, can you tell me the timing?
Can you find movies being shown in Vallejo?
Do you know the time I can watch it? I want it to be an imax show.
Probably later today.
Make it San Bruno
No. Maybe look at the Century at Tanforan
I'll go on March 1st, a regular screening
What are some movies I can watch in Hayward?
What time can I watch it on Wednesday next week?
I'm looking for a movie to watch at THE LOT City Center.
I'm in San Ramon, so search for movies near there.
I'm not interested in any of those, can search some more. And I want to watch the movie in imax.
No, don't get me tickets. But can you tell me what time I can see it. I want to see it on March 1st?
I am looking for a regular movie to watch.
Search for Morgan Hill.
March 1st please.
I will have some free time coming up and am thinking I might go see a movie. What movies are showing in Alameda at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
No, are there any adventure movies showing in 3d?
I will probably be going on the 2nd.
I love adventure movies a lot and I want to see one of those. Can you find me a movie like that in San Jose? Preferably IMAX too, please.
I want to watch it on the 1st of this month. Are there any good showtimes at AMC Saratoga?
Look for movies shown in Martinez
Find other movies and any type of show
I want to watch it today
I want to find a Suspense movie to watch in Moraga.
Not right now. What time can I watch it at Rheem Theatre?
I want to see it on the 2nd.
Please search for movies showing at the Pruneyard Cinemas in Campbell.
What time can I watch an imax show?
March 2nd would be perfect.
I want to find a 3d movie.
I'll be in Brentwood. Could you look for movies there?
We'll be ready to watch it on the 1st of March.
I enjoy documentary movies. Are you able to look for movies showing in Morgan Hill?
No, not right now. What is the time that I can see it? I want to see it on the 3rd.
I live in San Bruno.
I would love to see Dumbo! Can I see it this Saturday?
I'd like to find a movie to watch. I like all movies.
Can you help me find movies showing in Newark?
I'd like to watch it on the 5th.
I'd like to go somewhere in Oakland.
I'd like something else. I forgot to mention but I'm into Comic movies.
I'd like to go on the 7th.
Please can you look for a good movie to watch for this week end, might be in San Jose?
Do you mean the adventurous movies? Nope, Please find something else for I like all kinds if its good to watch.
Yup, Little would be perfect. What time is the show? Do they have 3d shows? Will tickets be available to watch at CineLux Almaden?
Probably, on March 8th.
Hello, could you help me find a movie currently showing in Oakland?
What are the showtimes for this movie at New Parkway Theater?
I would like to watch it on 5th of March.
I want to go out to watch a movie in San Francisco, can you search for options?
Please keep searching. I'd like to see a drama at the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
Red Joan is perfect! What time can I see a 3d show on March 5th?
I would like to see a movie at the AMC Bay Street.
Please search for movies in Emeryville.
No. Please search for a Comic imax show.
I would like to watch the movie Friday next week.
I'd like to watch a movie at Reading Cinemas Rohnert Park.
I'm in Rohnert Park. Please find me a scary movie.
No, not at the moment. What are the available times for March 1st?
My brother and I want to go see an adventure movie, can you help find one?
Alameda is a good half way point between my brother and I , let's search there.
What time is the movie playing at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
How about tomorrow.
find me a movie to watch please. Any show will work
please search Mill Valley for movies.
How about on the 1st.
Santa Rosa. Any good movies around here?
What time is After playing? I would like to see a regular show at Roxy Stadium Cinemas.
Preferably, the 1st of this month.
Its Santa Clara, so please search for movies nearby.
Is there anything else, any type of movie will do.
I want to watch it at AMC Mercado, on the 4th of this month.
Search for movies in Vallejo.
the 2nd of this month.
Look for movies in San Fran.
What else is there? I want to see an imax movie.
The 1st of this month at Presidio Theatre.
Please search for movies in San Francisco.
I want to watch something different like a 3D show. And I want to see it at Century San Francisco Centre.
How about Thursday next week.
I am in San Francisco.
I want another movie. Any theater in Moraga is fine.
I want to see it tomorrow.
Is there another time? I want to see it on the 5th of this month.
I am feeling bored. Is there any Fantasy movies laying?
I want to see the movie in San Fran.
I would like to see it on the 9th of this month.
I want to go out in Petaluma, can you see what movies there are?
Can you see what else there is? I'm in the mood for adventure films. Can you look at Boulevard Cinema?
The 4th of this month
I'm in San Jose, please find me a movie to watch around here.
Breakthrough sounds great, thanks. I'd like to see it in 3D, when is it on?
On the 3rd of this month, if possible.
I'd like to look for a film to watch. I like adventure films.
Could you look for films shown in Napa?
I'd love Captain Marvel. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch a regular show.
I'd like to watch it on the day after tomorrow.
I'm in Larkspur.
No, not yet. But what time will I be able to watch a regular show?
I want to watch it on March 7th.
I prefer movies shown in Santa Rosa.
No thank you. Can you search for movies showing at Century at Tanforan in San Bruno.
Can you please list other movies? I'd prefer a regular show.
On the 5th please.
I want all kinds of movies
Find movies in San Leandro
I wanna watch at the Century Cinemas
I wanna see it on the 2nd
I feel good right now and would like to watch a movie. Can you search for movies shown in San Bruno?
Can you search for another one? I would like to watch Century at Tanforan.
What time is the movie available on Tuesday next week?
I want a 3d movie to watch.
Can you search in San Jose?
Find something else. Can you show what is on in Union City?
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it on? I want to watch at Century Union Landing.
I want to see it this Saturday.
Find me movies showing around Brentwood.
Find me some other movies showing at AMC Brentwood.
What's the showtime for Pet Sematary on next Tuesday?
Can you search for movies in Santa Rosa.
Please find some other movies at Airport Stadium Cinemas.
I want to watch 3d show on 1st of March
I want to see a movie in San Fran.
I'd prefer something else, in Menlo Park, any theater.
The 9th of March.
Look in Morgan Hill.
What time later today is Pet Sematary playing?
My friends came to my house and i am in joyful mood .will you find any adventure movies to watch along with my friends?
find any movies which is shown in Daly City?
Can you tell me the time i shall able to watch that movie on 4th of March at Century Daly City?
I would like to watch a regular show. Please search in San Jose.
I would like to know what time it's playing at the West Wind Capitol Drive-in?
Look up for 1st of March please.
I want to watch a movie at Sonoma Cinema.
I want to find movies in Sonoma.
Are there any other movies? I want to watch something in 3d.
Shazam! sounds great! I want to watch in Tuesday next week. What times are there?
I want to go out to watch a movie, can you find me some good shows in Pleasant Hill?
I like the sound of The Curse of La Llorona. What time can I watch it if I want to see a regular show at Century Downtown?
I want to watch it on 6th of this month.
Find me movies in Morgan Hill.
Find me something else like a regular show.
No, now right now. I want to see it at CineLux Tennant Station on the 4th of this month. What time is it playing then?
Show me movies in Santa Clara. I would prefer a regular show.
I think Dumbo sounds great. What are the timings for it and I want to see it on the 1st.
I'd like a location in San Ramon.
I'd like a Ghost movie. Can you find anything else?
Do you know screening times for this movie for Saturday this week.
Any other showtimes? I'd prefer watching it in 3d at Regal Crow Canyon.
Could you look in Union City?
It will be on the 7th of this month.
I am in Alameda.
March 2nd please.
I would like to see a Fantasy movie.
I want to see a movie in Mountain View.
I would like to see Dumbo. What time is it showing at ShowPlace ICON?
Any time on the 1st of March
My friend and I are looking for a movie to go to. What movies are showing in San Rafael?
Actually, what time is the movie. I want to see it in an imax theater.
I am hoping to go on the 1st of March.
I am looking for movies being show in San Jose.
No, find some other movies. Search for movies being shown in Santa Rosa instead. Any type of movie is fine.
What time can I watch it on March 2nd at 3rd Street Cinema.
I would like to find a movie to watch in Sonoma.
I want to watch a 3d showing of it on the 5th of March.
search for movies shown in SFO
I would like to see it tomorrow
I wanna see Embarcadero Center Cinema and in imax
Could you find films shown in San Ramon for me?
Please look for other films. I would like to watch at The Lot City Center.
Little is the one for me. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch it today.
I want to go to the movies. Is there something in theaters in Newark?
I want to go the 1st of this month.
Around SFO would be good.
Body Double sounds good. What time is it showing on the 15th of March at the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema
Could you help search for movies shown in Livermore?
Could you help find movies of the Adventure genre?
I would like to watch it on the 2nd.
I would like to find the movie at AMC Mercado
In Santa Clara and would like to watch a regular show.
Can you fin another movie.
On Saturday this week.
I have a lot of leisure time and i am going to make use of it. Will you find a movie to watch? Actually i like Drama kind of movies
Is it possible to check for movies shown in Albany? I need to watch a regular show.
Ok Red Joan is perfect. Please tell the time to watch it. I prefer the date is on the 5th
I'd like to go to the AMC NewPark.  Can you tell me what movies are showing in Newark?
I want to see Captain Marvel.  Are tickets available on the 3rd?  I'd rather see it in 3d.
I am in the Santa Clara area.
What time does Hotel Mumbai play at AMC Mercado IMAX?
I want to go see it today.
At the Concord area. I want to watch an Adventure movie at the Veranda Luxe Cinema. 
Sometime on the 6th of this month. 
I've always been interested in edwards fairfield. are there any biographical movies showing?
Can you do a search for any movies in fairfield?
The 2nd of March would be great and if you could book a regular show that would be even better!
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
I'm specifically looking for movies in Fremont. 
I'm interested in Hotel Mumbai, thanks. What are the times this movie is available? I'd like to watch a regular show. 
Tomorrow would be great, thanks. 
I would like to watch a movie in 3d from the Drama movie genre that I like.
Could you find me movies in Menlo Park?
I think I would like to see it on March 9th.
I want to find a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield.
Please search for movies shown in Fairfield.
I want to watch The Curse of La Llorona.  What time is an imax show available on March 1st?
Can you search for movies at Stanford Theatre around Palo Alto?
How about the 5th of this month?
I would like to watch a Biographical movie near Morgan Hill.
No, not now. I want to watch it at regular show times at CineLux Tennant Station. What time can I watch it?
This Sunday.
I like crime movies. Can you search for movies shown in San Francisco?
What times do they have available for me to watch it? I want to watch it This Saturday. I want to watch a Imax Show. 
I want to watch it at Century at Hayward. 
What times could I watch it? Are there any imax shows?
I want to watch it this Saturday.
I really enjoy Biographical movies and was thinking of watching Century at Hayward.
No. I would like to watch it on the 7th, and nothing fancy a regular show please.
Can you find me an IMAX showing of a comedy movie?
Search for movies in the San Francisco Area, specifically at the Balboa Theatre.
I want to watch the movie on 15th of March, are there any timing available on that day?
I'd like to see a Fantasy movie, what is playing at Contra Costa in Martinez?
I was thinking a regular showing on March 8th would be good. 
I was thinking about seeing a 3d movie at the Lark Theater. Can you search for the movies playing in Larkspur right now?
I want to see it Friday next week.
I want to find Animation movies that are 3d showing in Santa Rosa tonight.
Tomorrow please.
I'm looking for a comedy to watch in San Jose at the AMC Saratoga. What movies are available?
I want to go on the 2nd of March.
Hey, could you please find me regular movie tickets for Friday next week at 22:45?
I'd like three tickets, please.
Please search for IT two in Milpitas.
I would like to watch an imax show on the 5th of this month. I want 1 ticket.
I want to watch Hustlers in Livermore at ten in the night.
Can you get me one ticket to the movie Hobbs and Shaw in San Leandro?
Can you find me an imax show on the 6th of this month at night 10:30?
Hey. Can you help me purchase two movie tickets to a showing Wednesday next week in Santa Rosa?
I would like to see a regular showing of Hustlers. Look for something in Livermore around 21:45.
I wish to purchase movie tickets to watch it on Wednesday next week.
I wish to see a 3d show.
I wish to see The Lord of the Rings at evening 6.
I wish to see movies depicted in Livermore and I need one ticket.
Please try again. I wish to see a imax show at 6:15 in the evening.
I'd like 4 tickets to watch the show at nine pm.
I'd like to watch IT2 in imax.
Find me shows for the 8th in Campbell.
I would like 1 ticket to see a 3D movie called Ad Astra.
I would like the 16th of March, in San Francisco at seven pm.
I need to buy it in Pittsburg.
I need the tickets for regular show for the movie Overcomer on 2nd of March.
Buy 1 ticket for the show time night 10.
Can you get me tickets to watch the movie Good Boys on the 9th of this month?
I'd like four tickets to the regular show t half past 9 in the night.
In Santa Rosa please.
Search please some movies shown in Newark on Wednesday next week because I want to buy tickets.
Imax show will be perfect.
Hustlers will be perfect for four people at 22:15.
Please get me tickets to the movie Official Secrets.
I just want one ticket to a regular show on 4th of March.
I need Santa Rosa at 8:15 in the night.
Hi, I'm wanting to see a movie. I want something at 8:30 pm.
Just regular please.
I want IT two. I need 4 for the Brentwood theatre.
I want tickets for March 7th.
I want to watch the regular showing of Ad Astra tonight. I want to watch the showing at night 9 pm-ish
I want to watch on the night of the 16th of March, and I only need one ticket in San Jose
I would like to watch the show at 10:30 pm.
I want one ticket for Saturday this week.
I want to watch a regular show of Angel Has Fallen shown in Concord.
No. I would like to book 2 tickets in Newark.
I would like to buy a movie ticket in San Jose at 11 o"clock in the night.
I want to book three tickets for regular show.
I want to want Angel has fallen on day after tomorrow.
I want to go half past 6 in the evening to see the show.
I want to watch the imax on the 9th to watch The Lord of the Rings three.
I want to watch the movie in Santa Rosa. Can you check there?
I only need 1 ticket for the movie.
I'm looking for two movie tickets for Good Boys.
I want to see the a regular show in Milpitas.
I want to see IT Chapter Two on the 7th of March.
I want to see it at eleven pm.
I'd like to get movie tickets to go watch After The Wedding.
I would like to see a regular show on March 10th in the San Jose area.
I think I'd like to get 1 ticket for the evening 7:30 pm showing.
Please give it a go again and look in San Francisco. I'd like a showing at 6:30 in the evening for Fiddler: A Miracle of Miracles.
I'd like 1 regular movie ticket for a show this Sunday.
I'd like to find a showing of Brittany Runs a Marathon in San Francisco.
I'm interested in 3d shows at 6:45 in the evening. You can search in Palo Alto as well.
No, I'm sorry. I need to make that 2 tickets for March 9th.
Can you find a regular show at around 2:30 in the afternoon?
Find tickets for the movie Farewell.
I'm going on a date so I will need two tickets please.
Can you search for something in Santa Clara on the 1st of march.
I'd like to see an imax show actually.
I'd like to see Chhichhore in Santa Clara. Just one ticket is good.
This would be Tuesday next week.
Yes, I'd like to go at 22:30 if possible.
I need movie tickets for Toy Story Four, now please.
I need it in Union City at 11 in the night. I need four tickets.
Regular, please.
I want today.
Can you try again? But I want Angel Has Fallen at quarter past 10 in the night.
I want three tickets
I need to watch it on 1st of March at night 10:15.
i am interested to watch a regular show
I need to watch 47 Meters Down
Search for movies in San Jose
I will need 2 tickets, please.
I would like 1 ticket for IT Chapter Two in Union City on the 3rd of this month.
I prefer a regular showing. Please get a ticket for the showing at 11 in the night.
Find me movies in San Francisco.
I need just one ticket, and a showing at 21:15 would be perfect.
Yes. I'd like to see This Is Not Berlin.
I'd like just a regular show, and something on the 4th of this month would be best.
Can you find me seats for Once Upon a Time In Hollywood?
I would prefer to see it around 10:30 in the night.
The date would be March 4th, just a regular show is find, some kind of movie around San Ramon would do.
Just two of us.
I would like four tickets to IT2 on March 3rd in Mountain View.
Let's make that a regular showing at 22:45.
Actually, you know what, I changed my mind. I think I want to watch Hustlers in Santa Clara, can you search there please?
I want to catch a night showing, maybe around quarter to 7 in the evening?
It's gonna be 3 of us
I wanna watch IT Chapter Two on the 7th, preferably in Mill Valley
A regular one is fine for us
I'm interested in getting 2 movie tickets please, something for a regular show.
I want to see something on Wednesday next week, around ten pm or so. And I'm in San Rafael.
Yeah, I want to see Hustlers.
Let's try that ticket purchase again please. How about a 10:45 pm imax show?
Whoops, let's make that next Friday instead. And I think I want to go in Santa Clara.
I want 2 tickets at 11 in the night.
I like Brittany Runs a Marathon.
Please find movies shown in Redwood CIty on the 2nd, I want a regular show.
No, please search movies shown in Palo Alto at evening 7:15.
No, I want Stage Door.
I would like to go to a theater in Mill Valley. I only need one ticket.
I was hoping to see IT2. A regular show would be fine.
I am thinking the 2nd of March would be a good day.
Yes, thanks for asking. I would like to visit at 6:45 in the evening.
I'm looking for some 3d movie tickets in San Jose.
I need 1 ticket for a movie at 8:15 pm.
I want to see it on the 5th of March.
I want to watch The Load.
Hey, can you help me get movie tickets to IT Chapter Two.
Only 1 ticket.
I want to go on March 6th. And I'm located in San Jose.
I think an imax showing would be cool. And I want to see it at the evening 7:45. Also can you look for shows on the 1st in San Ramon?
Wait, no. Can I actually do 3d.
I would like to buy a movie ticket in Concord on the 9th for four people.
I would like to watch Hustlers.
I want to watch in a imax show at 9:30 in the night.
I want to go out this evening. How about some tickets to see a movie at quarter past 6 in the evening?
I want to see Luce at Oakland on the 2nd of March.
A regular show would be ok.
Just 1 would be needed.
I want to purchase film tickets to a regular movie. Could you look for films playing in Santa Clara?
I'd like to view it on March 9th.
I desire 1 ticket.
I'd like to see Hustlers.
I'd like to see the film at 11 in the night.
Can you attempt to buy again? I'd like to watch it at Walnut creek on next Tuesday, during night 9:45.
I want to watch The Farewell in 3d
I'm going on a date so I need 2 tickets on Saturday this week in SF
Our date is gonna be at night so maybe at quarter to 7 in the evening?
Can you buy me movie tickets for movie shown in Rohnert Park?
I want 2 tickets for the show on March 1st.
I would like to watch Good Boys.
I would like to watch it at night 9:45.
I prefer imax show.
I need one ticket to a regular show.
I want to see Hustlers in Brentwood at 7:30 pm.
On the 3rd of this month.
Could you try March 4th at 10:30 pm in Santa Clara.
Just 1 ticket please.
Just a regular show, nothing special.
I want to watch Good Boys at 22:00.
Please find movies in Santa Rosa on March 2nd.
I was thinking about going to the cinema, I need three tickets.
A regular show is just fine. The movie is Good Boys and the date is the 5th of this month.
Nine pm.
Brentwood please.
I find boring myself to proceed in my routine life. i need a break so i plan to watch movies. will you buy movie tickets. i like to watch the show at 7 pm.
I like to watch The Lord of the Rings three and i need it on 6th of this month.
I need 1 tickets that should be a imax show.
i need to watch at IT2. Will you search for movies that shown in Mill Valley?
Hi, could you help me find some nice Action movies to watch please?
A show in Danville will be great.
Likely at 6:30 pm.
Four tickets for later today please.
An IMAX show will be great!
Are there any Cartoon movies showing at imax in Union City?
There will be two of us.
If I had my rathers I'd like the tickets for Wednesday next week for a 10:15 in the night showing.
I want to spend my free time by watching a nice Movie like the one with Dramatic Story. Can you find something for me and I want to watch it at Century 20 Oakridge and XD.
Search it in San Jose.
Book the show at ten pm.
Please try for some other time like half past 10 in the night on March 5th for a regular show.
Search for me movies shown in Napa.I would like to watch at Century Napa Valley and XD.
Find me something else.I want to watch a regular show.
At 22:15 will be okay.
Three tickets will be great.
I want four tickets for tomorrow.
I am interested in seeing an Imax show, preferrably a cartoon movie. Would you search for this in Santa Rosa?
I am interested in seeing the movie on the 4th at the quarter to 5 in the evening show and would lke 3 tickets.
Would you please try purchasing the tickets again but for 1 ticket to the quarter past 4 in the evening movie later today?
Can you find me a regular movie show that I can watch in Santa Rosa?
I think After the Wedding would be perfect. Can you get me three tickets for the 4:30 pm show on March 10th?
Can you check whether tickets are available for the show at quarter to 4 in the afternoon on March 7th?
I want to search for the movies in Mountain View.
Make it on 2nd of this month.
Book it for one person at ten in the night.
No, regular show is enough to me.
Find movies in Larkspur. I would like a 3d show.
I'd like to watch it on 7th of this month. I need two tickets.
I want to watch the show at afternoon 3:30
I'd like to find a movie to watch. Would you find me movies in Santa Rosa? A regular show would be good.
Good Boys is excellent. I'd lik to buy four movie tickets for 9:15 pm.
I'd like to watch it on Tuesday next week.
Can you find me a movie to watch at a Regal Jack London theater in Oakland? It should be a regular show.
Reserve 2 tickets for the movie at 21:45 for next Thursday.
I want to find a movie in Campbell.
Can you find some other movies? Find something at the Balboa Theatre in SFO.
A regular show.
I need 2 tickets for the 2:30 pm show on March 10th.
Try Healdsburg please.
A regular show is fine. I need one ticket for 7:45 pm.
Actually can you make that a 3d showing for later today?
Can you start your search by looking for Eccentric Story movies in the San Fran area?
I will need three tickets for the 8:15 pm show if available.
I think we would all much prefer the 3d show.
The March 2nd show I think will be the best option.
Can you find me a movie to watch in Berkeley?
I want to watch the 21:15 imax please
Can you look for movies showing in Healdsburg?
I would like to see an imax show tomorrow and I would like two tickets.
I would like to see the show at half past 8 in the night.
I would liek to watch a Scientific fiction in San Bruno at Century at Tanforan and XD.
I would like two tickets.
I would like to go on the 10th at 11:30 in the night.
I would like a regular show.
Somewhere close to home so I don't have to drive far would be great, start with Brentwood.
I prefer a regular show, playing at 7:45 pm, on the 16th.
It will only be me, so 1 is fine.
Hi, could you get me a regular Imaginative fiction movie in Hayward please?
I will need 3 tickets for the 9:45 pm movie on the 10th of this month.
I want to search for it in San Jose and I would like to prefer a 3D show.
I want to find some other movies and I think Supernatural movies will be perfect for me and search for the one showing at AMC Saratoga.
I want to watch it at 8:30 pm and please buy 2 tickets.
Book it on the 7th.
Please change the date and time to 1st of March at half past 9 in the night.
Also book for 4 tickets.
I'd like to look for a film to view at the raven Film Center. Could you look for a film playing in Healdsburg? I'd like to view a 3d film.
I'd like to view the film on the 2nd of this month.
I'd like to view the show during 5:15 in the evening.
I am interested in going for a movie in mountain view. Can you help in this?
I would like to buy tickets for the movie Ad Astra and want to see it on 10th of this month at 22:00. I need 3 tickets.
Regular show is okay for me.
Can you search for movies in Santa ROsa.
i need 1 tickets.
I need to watch at half past 11 in the morning. i want to watch a regular show.
Can you find me a regular screening of a Supernatural genre movie at AMC NewPark
Can you look in the Newark area?
IT2 is great! Buy me three tickets for the 10:15 in the night showing on the 10th of March
I need it at Century 20 Great Mall and XD, for movies in Milpitas. I want to see Action.
I want it at 10 o"clock in the night on the 2nd of March.
I want a regular one.
I need 2 tickets.
I want to watch it in Dublin.
I need 2 tickets for the movie on Tuesday next week at 11 o"clock in the night.
I like to prefer with regular one.
I would like to watch a regular show at 3rd Street Cinema in Santa Rosa.
I would like to go in the evening 4:45.
I would like to watch it next Thursday.
Will you search for movies shown in Santa Rosa.
Fiddler is the right one. I want to buy movie tickets for 1 ticket.
I'd like to watch a regular show.
I would like to watch the show at 11:15 am on the 9th.
I am looking for a movie to watch at AMC NewPark.
Can you look for the movie in Newark?
47 Meters DOwn: Uncaged sounds great. Can you book me 1 movie ticket for the regular show at two in the afternoon.
I would like to watch it on Sunday this week.
I want to find movies in Palo Alto.
Ladykillers is perfect. Can you buy me some tickets for quarter to 8 in the evening? I want to watch the movie in 3d.
Get me one ticket for March 1st.
Hi, could you help me find a regular show to watch at Roxy Stadium Cinemas in Santa Rosa please?
I need two tickets for the movie at half past 9 in the night.
On the March 3rd please.
Can you help me find movies in El Cerrito?
I'd like to see the movie on Sunday this week at 19:15. A regular show is fine.
I'd like four tickets.
I need to find a movie in Santa Rosa.
I would like to purchase 2 tickets.
No. This Saturday would work better.
Anything in Mill Valley?
Anything at seven in the evening on March 1st. I would like three tickets.
Just a regular show.
I need you to find me movies in San Jose
I prefer Ad Astra and need four tickets
I have to see a regular show movie at 10:30 in the night
I prefer to see it on 16th of this Month
Can you please help me find a 3d family movie shown in San Jose.
Farewell is great. I'm buying tickets for ten pm on 4th of March.
Just one ticket.
I want to search it in San Leandro.
Yes, Overcomer is good and I want to purchase the tickets now. Please buy one ticket on March 7th for the show time at 10:30 pm.
I need to watch a Imax Show. Make it accordingly.
will you find me movies in Hayward?
Please find some other movies, I need to watch movies at CineLux Tennant Station. Will you find movies which are shown in Morgan Hill?
Hobbs and Shaw is Perfect and i like to buy movie tickets. I need to watch it a regular show and the day is on this saturday.
I need to watch the show at 9:30 pm.
i need 3 tickets.
Would you look in San Jose for some movies to see?
Look around for some other movie options, such as a Dramatic story.
See if you can find some other movies in San Rafael please.
I want to get some movie tickets to a 3d show of A Faithful Man. It' sounds great.
I need 3 tickets to see it on the 8th of this month for the evening 6:15 show.
I want to watch a movie at Century 25 Union Landing and XD. I like dramatic story movies.
Look for movies in Union City.
I want 1 ticket to a regular movie on Friday next week.
I want to watch it at quarter to 11 in the night.
I would like a regular drama movie at Regal Crow Canyon.
Please look in San Ramon,
I would like 3 tickets for Hustlers at quarter past 7 in the evening.
On the 3rd of March.
I'm after an Imax film at Century Blackhawk Plaza in Danville can you tell me whats on?
Just one please
Let's look for movies in Oakland.
Let's get three tickets.
I'd like to see the show at night 10 on the 2nd. I'm fine with a regular show.
Hi, could you help me search for some nice Anime movies please?
I'm at home alone and it is awfully quiet, so it's the perfect time to sit back and watch a movie. Can you find me a movie with Michaela Watkins starring in it and preferably directed by Paul Downs Colaizzo?
Are there any movies with actor Josh Gad in them?
I want to find a good film to watch with Duane Whitaker and I want something directed by Quentin Tarantino.
I would like to find a movie to watch in the Imaginative fiction genre.
i want to watch a movie, maybe a thriller directed by Riley Stearns.
I want to watch a movie that Ian Hendry is in.
I saw that already. I would rather see a family genre directed by Herbert Ross.
I'd like to watch a movie directed by Alex Kendrick.
I want to watch a Zoe Bell movie.
Can you find me a nice movie directed by James Gray to watch?
I would like to choose a movie to watch. Can you help me find a movie in the Comic genre with James Corden in it?
It's suppose to be raining all day so I'm cooped up in the house and bored. Can you help find me a movie to watch, preferably one that is classified as a Comic and directed by Nitesh Tiwari?
Okay, let's try something else. How about a movie directed by Gene Stupnitsky instead?
Can you find me a thriller movie directed by Alexander Mackendrick?
I want to watch a McKinley Belcher III movie. I want something directed by Simon Curtis. It should be a drama.
I want to watch a movie staring Daniel Camp and directed by Herbert Ross.
Can you find a movie. I'm interested in a movie by the director Quentin Tarantino.
Let me enjoy movie directed by Nitesh Tiwari, is there any one?
My friend and I want to go see a movie but we can't find one we like. We really want to see a Drama.
Yeah, we already saw that one. Is there anything directed by Hari Sama?
Hey I need help finding a movie please, I like movies by Satoshi Kon.
Find me a movie directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Anything else, preferably something with Eugene Dynarski?
I would like to find an Exotic movie.
Yes, okay,but I need to find some other movies especially the one directed by Jovanka Vuckovic. Do you have something like this in your options?
I'm looking to watch an action movie directed by David Leitch starring Alex King.
Can you help me search for a Horror movie to watch?
I have some leisure time so that i could watch a movie. Will you find me a movie directed by Kirill Mikhanovsky and find something like Comedy-drama genre?
I'd like to find something an Eccentric story movie to watch. What do you recommend?
I like to watch a movie. will you find me a movie which has sterling K. Brown as a actor and it should be directed by Thurop Van Orman
I want to watch a suspense movie directed by Josephine Decker.
Can you help me find a movie to stream in the Play genre?
I wish to see the movie which is directed by David Leitch and acted by Lori Pelenise Tuisano.
I want to see a movie by Peter Jackson that is a Fantasy.
Not interested. Any other movies which are directed by QUentin Tarantino? type of movie should be Cult genre.
Anything else? I like films directed by Steven Spielberg in the Imaginative fiction genre.
What other movies are there? I want something with Conleth Hill in it.
Please find other results. I like movies directed by Martin Scorsese, and I also like seeing a documentary.
I want to watch a Comic movie with Gordon Tanner.
Can you find me a Romance movie to watch?
Can you find me a drama movie to watch? One staring Taraji P. Henson
Anything else you can find in particular Ghost genre directed by Michael Chaves.
Any others? Find something in the Comic genre.
Any others? I'm looking for something directed by Jonathan Levine, and starring O'Shea Jackson Jr.
Can you find me a movie to watch, directed by Morton DaCosta? I'm looking for a specific one.
I am in mood of watching a Drama movie, so I want to find one.
Can you see if there are some other movies? I usually enjoy watching a film directed by Alfred Hitchcock, and for the film to be starring ALix Talton.
Can you find me a Romance movie starring Haaz Sleiman?
I'm having some friends over and need a movie to watch. Please find me some movies in the comic genre.
I want to watch a movie but am having a hard time finding anything good in all these titles. Can you find me something that stars Jeff Harding?
What else do you have? I like funny movies.
Can you find me a movie directed by Claire Denis?
Anything else? What about movies directed by Iain Softley. Or something that's a Drama?
I'd like to watch a Gladys Holland movie
Can you find a drama film for me?
Anything else? I want something directed by Robin Bissell and starring Sam Rockwell.
Have anything else with Huang Lu?
Find me a movie directed by Anna Boden in the Adventure category.
Hi i need a help, me and my friends are looking for movie to watch, we all are interested to watch patric knowles movies, could you find me his movies?
I just want to relax tonight and watch a movie. Anything directed by Tina Gordon would be good.
I'd like to watch a movie directed by Malik Bendjelloul
I am looking for a movie directed by Elaine May to watch. Find something starring Rose Arrick.
I want to watch a movie, preferably something by Jenny Gage. The romance genre would also work.
Can you find a movie for me to watch that was directed by Michael Chaves?
What else is there. I'm watching with my wife so maybe a Rom-com would be good.
How about something else like a comic film directed by Morton DaCosta?
No, don't really fancy that one either. Can you see if there's anything else? We quite like fantasy films, especially stuff directed by Neil Marshall.
I would prefer a movie with Frederick Preston
I'd like to see a movie, any genre is fine
I am looking for a funny movie.
I want a movie directed by Harry Elfont and starring Harmoni Everett.
I need to find a movie, any type works
Do you have any movies with Mike Colter?
Can you find me a movie? One that stars Michael Cumpsty.
Can you find a movie for me with Shayn Solberg?
How about something from Tom McCarthy or something starring Jacqueline Brogan?
Can you find me a movie directed by Harry Elfont?
Find me movies staring Alan Arkin
Will you find me movies directed by Tom McCarthy starring Walter the Dog?
I am in San Jose. Also I want to see a 3D movie.
Yes, please find me some other movies. I want to see something at CineLux Almaden.
March 5th.
I like Horror movies and would also like to see a movie in Concord. Can you search for one there?
I am thinking of going on March 2nd and I would like to see it at Veranda LUXE Cinema.
Make it movies in Santa Clara
I'll see it this Saturday
A friend and I want to see an imax show at CineLux Tennant Station. What movies are out?
What fantasy movies are being shown in Morgan Hill?
No, not right now. What times is it playing on March 2nd?
I'mm interested in seeing an imax movie in Petaluma.
I plan on seeing it on the 2nd of March.
I am currently at Sebastopol, could you find for movies currently showing in this area?
What are the show times available for this movie? Would it be possible on the March 5th for a 3d version of this movie?
I'm in Livermore.
No, not right now. I want to watch it on Tuesday next week, at Livermore Cinema.
I really want to find a movie to watch. I was thinking we could go to an imax show.
What movies are showing in Fremont?
Shazam! sounds great. What time is it showing on the 8th of March?
can you search for movies shown in San Jose.i like Adventure movies.
I like Documentary movies. could you try again?
Can you search for moveis shown SFO. I want to watch at Roxie Theater. Please find some other movies.
I want to watch a regular show. I want to want it on 3rd of this month.
Hey, I'm looking for a movie to watch in Oakland. Is there anything available?
Please find some different movies. Any showing is fine.
March 7th, please.
I'm currently looking at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. I want to watch a movie on a big imax screen. Can you find some good movies in the San Francisco area?
Yeah, Knock Down The House sounds good. When does this movie start? I want to go see it on the 8th of March.
I need to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
Can you find a movie shown in SFO.
I like to watch it on 9th of this month.
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Livermore Cinema.
Are you able to find movies playing at Livermore?
After sounds great! I plan on watching it on the 2nd of this month. Can you tell me what time is the showing?
Could you help me finding a movie to watch in Union City, please?
could you please find me something else, like a scary movie at Century Union Landing?
Curse of La Llorona is perfect. What time can I watch a imax on the 7th
Find me a good flick in SFO.
Nah. Find me something regular.
Keep going. I'm flexible.
On March 1st.
I am in Brentwood, there are a few theaters. What movies are around here?
I don't like those options. Show me imax shows.
CineLux Delta Cinema Saver is the closest theater I think. I want to see it on March 2nd.
I want to find a movie to watch, Can you search for the movies shown in Petaluma?
No, I don't want to purchase now. What time can I watch it? I want to watch a 3d show.
I want to watch is on March 4th. I want to watch at Boulevard Cinema
I need to find a movie to watch in Livermore. I'd like to see an imax show.
Look for something else. Something regular.
Not right now. When is it showing at Vine Cinema?
I'd like to see it on the 2nd of this month.
I'd like to discover a film to watch. Can you search for San Bruno shown films.
How long can I watch it? Every theater is okay.
I'm waiting to see it on 2nd of March .
I live in Walnut Creek.
Not right now? I just want to know showtimes on March 2nd.
Hi. I want to find a comedy movie to watch at Century Oakridge. Can you help me with that?
I'm in San Jose.
No, I don't want to purchase tickets now. But can you tell me when I can see it? I want to see it in 3d next Tuesday.
What movies are showing in San Jose? I really want to go see a movie.
Nah, those aren't what I'm looking for. What imax shows are out?
Oh, sorry. I would like to see it on the 9th of March.
I'm in Union City, can you suggest any movies there?
I want to watch a regular showing on the 5th.
Can you show me movies shown in Morgan Hill.
No, I want to watch it on Sunday this week. What times is it showing?
I want to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
No thanks. I like fantasy movies. Can you now search in Campbell?
On the 2nd.
Im looking to watch a movie that is in 3d.
I want to watch the movie at Boulevard Cinema. Can you find movies that are showing in Petaluma? I enjoy comedy movies.
I would like to watch the movie on the 4th.
Hey, I want to go see a movie. Any theater is cool for me.
I am in Santa Rosa and want the closest theater. What movies are there now?
Find some more options, please. I want to see 3rd Street Cinema.
Yes, The Upside is what I want to see then. What are the showtimes for today?
Brentwood, please. I'd like to watch an Adventure movie at AMC Brentwood.
Not at the moment. I'd like to watch an imax show, what are the available times?
March 2nd, please.
I would like to watch a regular show at the Century at Tanforan. Could you make the search for movies in San Bruno?
The 5th of this month would be perfect.
I am looking for a 3d suspense movie in Santa Clara.
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it showing at AMC Mercado?
the 1st please.
It's movie night! I'm trying to decide what to watch. Can you find movies shown in Sonoma?
I'd like to see it on March 5th.
I'm looking for a movie to watch tonight. My favorites are scary movies.
A theater in Berkeley would be most convenient.
I want to go sometime today. I think the United Artists Berkeley would be the closest to where I am.
Can you find a funny movie for me at AMC Brentwood?
Find a 3d movie in Brentwood.
I want to go later today.
Is there another show time? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
Find movies in Larkspur
Not now, what times are available and any theatre is fine.
1st of this month
I would like to find a 3d movie to watch.
Could you search for movies playing in Union City. Preferably at Century Union Landing.
No, I don't want to buy tickets now. What times are the movies playing? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I haven't seen a new movie a months. Can you find me an Imax show in Campbell to watch?
Can you tell me if it's playing on the 2nd at Pruneyard cinemas?
I'm looking for a Comedy to watch in a theatre today, can you help me pick one?
I'm in Oakland right now.
Not really - can you find some others? I'd like to go to the New Parkway Theater, a regular show, nothing 3D, they make me queasy.
I'm thinking the 7th of this month.
I want to go to the movies. Find me a drama
In Sebastopol
I want to see Hackers on the 7th of this month. What time does it play?
I would like it in San Bruno.
This Saturday at Century at Tanforan.
Search for movies being shown in Newark.
Can you find some other movies at AMC NewPark.
Find some other movies, any type of movie is fine.
What time can I watch the movie on the 2nd?
My friend and I want to watch a movie at Century Daly City
I am in Daly City - can you find Adventure movies for us?
Shazam! sounds good! What times are available on the 4th of March?
I want to watch a imax show for movies in Fremont.And I want to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
I like adventure movies.Please find some other movies.
Shazam! is perfect.I want to watch it on Friday next week . What time can I watch it?
I am in Vallejo
I want to watch Captain Marvel. What time do they have available
I want to watch on March 2nd
I'm on Oakland. Can you show me movies from here?
I changed my mind. Can you show me regular shows?
It's not necessary to buy now. What time on March 1st can I watch it?
Please look for a movie in Emeryville.
Yes, Teen Spirit would be great. What time is an imax showing playing?
I want to see the movie on the 1st of this month please.
San Francisco.
On the 15th.
My friend and I are looking to watch a movie later. Can you find movies in Walnut Creek?
We would like to see Little. Is there any times available for Tuesday next week?
Please can you look for some good movies in Santa Rosa of Sonoma County?
Not exactly for the debut movies but might for the latest one. Please can you suggest some other movies? If you can find the one shown in Oakland, that would be perfect.
Nope, I would like to watch Funny movies especially a imax show. Please can you find any such movies?
I will be available on March 9th. That day would work.
in Pleasant Hill, Is there any nice movie you can find here?
Yes, I need to clarify, at what time, I can watch this movie on 2nd of this month.
I'm in Brentwood
Long Shot sounds perfect. What are the show times? I would like to watch a 3d show.
I prefer the 1st of March.
I am looking for a movie to watch. Can you find movies that are showing in Morgan Hill?
Please look for other movies. Are you able to do a search for movies in Emeryville? I would like to see something in IMax.
Teen Spirit will be perfect. What time will I be able to watch it? I would like to see it at AMC Bay Street?
I would like to see it today?
Can you search around Sebastopol?
Can I have some more options? And can you search in Union City?
9th of March.
I'm in Berkeley. Any good movies here?
I would like to go today.
I'd like to see a movie at Century Rowland Plaza.
I'd like to see an imax movie in Novato.
I'd like to see it on March 1st.
Can you search in Brentwood.
Please find some other movies in San Ramon. Any theatre is fine.
I want to watch 3d show, pls find other movies
No. I want to watch on 2nd of March. What time can i watch?
Can you find me a movie to watch at CineLux Tennant Station
Look for movies in Morgan Hill
Captain Marvel sounds perf. What Time can I watch? I want a regular show time
On march 7th.
I'd like to a show. Can you help me find a 3d movie near me?
I'm in Cloverdale.
I'd like to see it on the 2nd.
I feel like watching a movie. What's available in San Jose?
Can you search for other ones? Something at CineLux Almaden.
The Curse of La Llorona is great. What time is it available in March 5th?
This week, I have a lot to do and meeting to attend. I think I'll deserve some time to relax and watch a movie, something I could really use your help choosing. I want to see a Non-fiction movie that I can watch on imax. You have any ideas for me?
Please recommend a movie that's showing in San Bruno.
Please set the date for the 8th of March.
I want to find movies in San Ramon.
I want to see it on Saturday this week.
What's the address for Cinelux Tennant Station?
Do you know which movies are showing in Morgan Hill?
Is there a imax show nearby?
March 2nd is perfect for me.
I want to watch a movie in San Francisco.
Find some comic movies. I want to watch at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
I want to watch tomorrow.
Look for movies shown in SFO.
I want to watch it at Embarcadero Center Cinema on the 2nd of this month.
A fun movie is on the agenda for our upcoming family night out. It's kind of a big deal because we're still celebrating graduation, and we want to see a movie that's 3d, lighthearted and rated for all ages. What's your take on a movie recommendation, please?
How about a search in San Ramon. Any kind of movie is fine, just as long as it's fun.
Okay, I expect we'll go see the movie on the 5th at THE LOT City Center.
I want movies shown in Union City.
I prefer tomorrow at Century Union Landing. Whatever type of show is absolutely fine.
Search for movies in SFO please.
Can you find some other movies? I like the War genre.
Aftermath sounds great! What are the showtimes for IMAX showings?
I want to see it on the 1st.
Can you help me find movies in Oakland?
I'd like to see it at New Parkway Theater on the 10th of March.
It will be fine in SFO
Try some other particularly in Vallejo, imax show.
On 2nd of March.
Yeah, I have changed the date to March 1st and at Century Vallejo.
Find theaters playing 3D movies in San Jose.
Find Drama movies on imax.
This Saturday.
I am going to watch a movie at the Piedmont Theatre
Have you tried searching for movies in Oakland
I will purchase a ticket later what time will be good so I can watch a imax show
How about the 7th of March
What are some flicks in Oakland?
Dr. Strangelove sounds good. I don't care about the theater, but what times are available?
I'd like to catch it on the 10th.
Search for movies only shown in Vacaville.
Try to find movies shown in Albany.
On the 5th at Albany Twin will be good.
Please find a movie in San Francisco.
Please check the showtimes for this Saturday.
Is it on at any other times? I'd actually like to go to the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
I need the movies being shown in Brentwood.
No, something else. An imax show is what I am looking for.
I am planning to watch it on March 2nd.
Search for movies at Menlo Park.
I would like to see it March 9th.
Is it available at another time? How about on March 4th?
Find movies in SF.
I want a 3D showing, on March 2nd, at the Vogue Theatre.
I wish to see a move at AMC NewPark.
Kindly find a movie in Newark.
Could you please search for some other movies? I wish to see a Fantasy movie at imax show.
I wish to see it on the 1st.
Can you search a comic movie for me?
I am in Santa Clara, can you search here?
search for March 11th.
I would like to watch a horror movie.
Search for movies in San Jose area
Tuesday next week would be best
Can you find movies in Martinez?
The 9th of this month and I would like a regular show.
I would like to go to Vine Cinema in Livermore.
I would like to watch it on the 3rd.
I would like to search for movies in Santa Rosa, please.
I would like to watch the movie at any theater today.
I want movies in Vacaville.
Not right now. What time can I see the show? I want to watch a regular show.
I want to watch it tomorrow.
I'd like to find a movie to watch at Century San Francisco Centre.
Help me find movies showing in San Francisco.
How about next Thursday?
In Vacaville please
No I want something else. What's playing in San Bruno. I don't care which theater.
On the 2nd of this month. Does it come in imax?
The Redwood City
the Century Redwood city the March 1st
San Rafael, please. I'd like to see a Drama movie.
March 1st, please.
Can you search Larkspur for Drama movies?
Lets go see Transit, What time is it? Ill go to any theater.
Next Tuesday is when i want to see it.
I want to find a movie to watch at AMC Saratoga.
Search for 3d movies in San Jose.
Please find movies in Union City.
Could you find some other movies? I prefer Adventure movies.
I wish to see it on March 4th.
Are there any good movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I would like to see it on March 2nd in a 3d showing.
I feel like going to the movies. I'd like to go see a 3d movie at Guild Theatre.
Can you look for films which are playing in Menlo Park?
Red Joan sounds great. What time is it playing on March 9th?
Search for movies playing right now in Napa.
Let's go with Sunday this week.
Comedy movies are my favorites.Search for me movies shown in SF .I would love to watch a imax show.
I want to watch at Century San Francisco Centre the movie Missing Link .At what time can it be?
I would like to be on 1st of this month.
I would like to see a movie in Santa Rosa.
Dumbo would be great, what are the playing times on March 1st at any theater.
I'm looking for movies in Santa Clara.
What time is the movie showing at AMC Mercado?
Wednesday next week.
I am in Oakland, so can you find me any nearby movies?
I am interested in seeing something else, preferably at the Regal Jack London.
The Best of Enemies sounds good to watch, can you tell me 3d showtimes for Saturday this week?
I'd like to watch a movie at THE LOT City Center.
Look for movies plating San Ramon.
I'm looking forward to seeing it on the 1st.
Can you find movies in Albany?
Next Tuesday please.
I would like to go to an Imax movie, can you find me a Comedy to watch?
I'm located in Oakland.
Gloria Bell would be good - I'd like to see it on the 9th of this month, what time does it start at?
I want to find a movie to watch at Century Walnut Creek.
Can you search for movies shown in Walnut Creek? I'd like to watch a regular show.
No, not now. What are the viewing times and dates? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I would like to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
I would like to watch it on the 1st of March.
I'm in Santa Rosa. I'm in the mood for a fantasy movie.
I want to go on 6th of March, to a regular show at 3rd Street cinema.
I'm in San Francisco. What's available?
No, I want something else please. Any theater will do.
Please find something else. I'm interested in drama movies. Are there any regular showings available?
I am looking for showtimes on the 17th.
I want to see a movie in San Bruno. What's available?
No, what else is there? I want to see a regular show.
What time is it? I want to go to Century at Tanforan.
I'd like to go on the 1st.
I want to watch a movie in SF
I want Horror movies
I am available to watch on 7th of this month
Can you search movies in San Ramon.
I would like Scary movies. I would like to watch THE LOT City Center.
Can you find some other movies, I like all kinds.
I would like to see Little. I would like to watch it on March 1st.
I like Biographical movies, can you search for movies shown in Vallejo? I want to watch a 3d show.
Monday next week would be superb. I'd prefer to see it at Century Vallejo
What's showing in San Jose?
What time is it showing at CineLux Almaden?
I am available on the 3rd.
I would like to go to a movie in San Ramon. Can you tell me what movies are playing?
The 9th is the date I am looking to watch it.
Can you do a search for me? I'm looking for 3d movies in San Jose.
I'm in San Ramon, please find a movie there.
No, I don't need tickets right away. What time is their imax showing?
Please check the 9th of this month.
Find me movies in Union City.
I'd like to watch it on the 7th of March.
I'd like to see an imax show at Century at Pacific Commons. I want to watch it.
Can you check for a movie in Fremont?
When can I see it on the 8th of March?
Please look for movies in SFO.
Please find some other options in imax.
What time is the showtimes on March 1st?
Can you find all movies in Pleasant Hill?
On the 2nd of this month, I want to watch a 3d movie. Can you tell me what 3d movies are playing near me?
Hey, they got any Fantasy movies playing at THE LOT City Center?
Look in San Ramon.
The 1st of this month. Look for the 3d version.
I want to watch movie. Any kind of movie works for me.
Can you find movies playing in Martinez.
Missing Link is great! What time I see it? I want to see it on the 1st of March at Contra Costa.
Can you find me movies shown in Emeryville
Please find some more movies. I would like to watch at AMC Bay Street for a 3d show.
Pet Sematary is so good. What time can I watch it? My preferred date is March 8th.
Could you try once? I wanna watch it on Saturday this week.
Find me a regular movie to watch.
I am in Concord.
I want to see it on March 1st.
I want to find a movie to watch. I want to watch a regular show.
Can you search for movies shown in SF.
I want to watch it on 2nd of March.
My husband and I want to watch a 3d movie. Where is the closest place?
I'm in San Jose. Can you look around there?
No, Sunday this week when we have a babysitter. We want the CineLux Almaden.
I would love to see a 3d show in Menlo Park.Can you help me find one?
It will be great to watch at Guild Theatre,tell me please at what time can I watch it.
In 9th of this month it will be great for me.
I wish to watch a movies shown in Morgan Hill. So Find it in that place.
No, Not at all. Please search for other movies. Will you search for movies shown in Union City and I like to watch at Century Union Landing location.
No, Not interested . Find some other movies, will you find me 3d movies
At what time i shall able to watch that movie? Whether i could able to watch it on 2nd of this month.
Can you find me a 3D movie to watch?
Please find me movies in Brentwood.
I don't like those. Show me movies in Pleasant Hill.
I'd like to see it on 2nd of March.
I am in Antioch, can you search for nearby movies?
I am more interested in fantasy movies, can you give me movie recommendations for the AMC Deer Valley?
I want to see the movie on the 4th of this month.
Can you search a movie shown in Palo Alto? I want to watch a movie.
Pillow Talk sounds good. What time is the movie?
I am planning to watch a regular show on 5th of this month.
I am looking for a movie in Alameda.
Give me some more choices please Check the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex for an imax show.
Next Friday would be perfect for me.
I really want to watch a Fantasy movie. Is there anything available?
I'm in Campbell. I'd like to go to Pruneyard Cinemas.
I want to watch the imax show next Friday.
Please search for movies showing in Mill Valley.
Please find out the screening times for 3d shows.
Yes, I'd love to watch it later today.
I am planning to catch a movie with my friend later. Can you recommend a 3d movie?
I want to know what movies are showing in Emeryville. I am particularly interested in movies of the Thriller genre.
I would like to catch the movie on 8th of March. Can you find me the screen times for this show on that date?
Can you find me a 3d show at the Guild Theatre at Menlo Park?
Red Joan will work. what times are avaliable for the 9th of this month.
Can you tell me what movies are playing at Century Cinemas?
In San Leandro. I'd like to watch the 3d show.
Breakthrough sound great! I'd like to watch it on the 2nd. What time is it playing?
Can you look for movies in Livermore?
No thanks. I like adventure movies and I want to watch an Imax show.
2nd of March.
How about Friday next week at Livermore Cinema?
I want to watch a 3d movice in Emeryville.
I want to watch the movie on the 8th at AMC Bay Street.
Hi, I would like to search for movies currently shown at Albany Twin.
I would prefer movies shown in Albany.
Not yet, what are the available time slots for this movie next Tuesday?
Can you find me a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield?
Sure. Search any kind of movies in Fairfield.
I'd particularly like a 3d movie.
No, not at this moment? At what time is it screening? I'd like to go on the 1st of this month.
Can you help me search for movies that are playing in Emeryville?
I like Comedy movies, can you please help me find one?
Missing Link is perfect. What time would I be able to watch it? I would like to watch it on the 8th of this month.
I want to watch something in Imax in San Francisco
I don't really like any of those. How about some Drama films? I want to watch it at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
The Mustang sounds good. What are the times if I want to watch it Wednesday next week?
I want to find a movie to watch. I like comic movies. I want to watch at Century Napa Valley.
I want to watch a 3D show. Can you search for movies in Napa?
I want to watch it on the 1st of March.
I am interested in watching adventure movies in imax show.
I want you to have a search for movies which are shown in walnut creek
I feel Shazam is good for me and i want to watch it in Century Walnut Creek and what is the show time?
I am interested in watching the movie on Monday next week.
I want to watch in San Ramon
On 2nd of this month.
Can you search for movies in San Jose.
I want to watch 3 Below Theaters and lounge.
Mary Magdalene is good I would like to watch it this Saturday a imax show.
Check what's playing in Union City please.
I wanted to go to the movies next Thursday.
Look for movies in San Jose.
No, can you find an imax show in Concord?
I want to see it on Wednesday next week.
I'm looking for something to do with my evening. What movies are showing in San Jose?
I'm thinking today at the AMC Eastridge.
I want to watch a movie in Union City.
I want to watch a Scary movie in imax.
I want to see it on March 7th.
I want to watch a movie that's been shown in Fairfield.
No.I'll buy tickets later. Can you find a 3d show?
The 1st of this month.
San Jose, so search for movies there.
Actually, Breakthrough sounds great. I want to see it on the 3rd so what times is it playing then?
Can you find me a movie? I'm in the mood for action
In Oakland please
The day after tomorrow please
I want to watch a Rom-com movie.
I am looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
I want to go on the 1st.
I'm looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
No. What's showing at Summerfield Cinemas?
I'm looking for an imax show this Saturday.
I'm in Oakland.
I wanna watch it on 1st of this month.
I want to see it at Century Union Landing. What movies are playing in Union City?
I'd like to see it on Saturday this week.
I want the see the 3d version on the 1st of this month. Is it showing then?
I want to watch a movie at AMC Bay Street
Searc in Emeryville, please
Yes, I want to watch a imax show: what time is it?
On later today
I think that I want to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
Does SF have any movies showing?
I think we should do Suburban Birds. I think I want something regular on the 17th. Do you have any times?
Can you look for movies in SF.
Can you please look for some other movies, I'd like to see an imax show.
Can you find some other movies I'd like to go see them at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. Any kind of movie will do.
Oh yeah, what time is the movie? I'd like to watch it on the 8th?
I like Ghost movies. Search for movies in San Jose.
I want to see it Tuesday next week
Can you tell me which movies are playing at Lark Theater, please. I'd like to find a good one to watch.
Search for movies in Larkspur.
Shine a light sounds perfect. When is it screening? Any show type is OK.
I'd like the 1st of March, if possible.
I would like to see a movie in San Ramon.
I am more in to adventure movies. Could you look for some different movies. Also, I would like to watch at THE LOT City Center.
I would like to watch the regular showing next Monday. What time do they have available, then?
I would like to see a thriller movie located in Brentwood.
What are the show times at AMC Brentwood?
Definitely on March 5th. Is it available
Can you show me movies in San Jose.
No they don't sound like my cup of tea. What about a 3d film.
I want to go next Friday.
Would you look for theaters around Emeryville? That's where we're eating.
I'd like to see something at the AMC Bay Street. Preferably a comic book-type movie. If you can find one of those, that would be great!
I forgot. I wanted to see it on Imax and March 8th would be the date.
Please search for movies in downtown San Fran.
I want to know when I can go see that movies. What are the regular show times?
I would like to see this movie on the 2nd.
Can you tell me what's on in San Francisco.
What time is it playing on 3rd of March.
I want to find an imax movie to watch later tonight.
I am located near Hillsborough.
I'd like to try and watch it on the 1st of March.
San Jose. I want to watch a regular show.
No, something else, in 3D, please.
On the 3rd.
I like Life history movies and want to find a movie to watch. I would like to watch Century at Hayward.
Please find movies in Hayward.
Breakthrough sounds great. What time is it available to watch? I am interested in a regular show.
I want to see it on the 7th.
I would like to watch a 3d movie.
I would like movies in Petaluma.
No not at present. What time is it on? I am interested in showing on the 4th at Boulevard Cinema.
I would like hear about movies being played in Brentwood.
No not right now, can I have the show times and can you look for the movie in 3d?
I would like to watch a imax show on the 2nd of this month.
I feel like being spooked out. Can you help me find some scary movies?
Please look for movies showing in Campbell.
The Curse of La Llorona works good for me. What time is it showing? I'd like to go on the 9th.
I want to find a comedy movie. Search for movies now showing in Oakland.
Let's try something else. I want a regular show. Something like a Biographical movie.
No, not right now. What time does it play? I also want to watch Regal Jack London next Friday.
I want to watch a movie, can you search for movies shown in San Jose.
I want to go on the 11th, at 3 Below Theaters And Lounge.
Can you find for movies shown in Santa Clara.
I like to watch imax show on 1st of March.
I wanna go to the cinema. I don't mind the theatre.
Can you search movies in San Francisco?
Dumbo is perfect. What time can I watch it? I'd like to watch it on March 3rd.
Can you search for movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I would like to see After. Any type of show is fine. What times is it showing?
I'd like to see it on the 1st of this month.
Search for Fantasy movies in San Jose.
No, I don't want to buy the ticket right now. Can you find me the timing of the movie on March 1st at Cinemark?
What are some movies playing in Emeryville right now?
On the 4th of this month.
Give me a 3d show.
I am in Petaluma.
What times are available on the 2nd of this month at Boulevard Cinema.
I'm in San Francisco. Try searching for movies shown there.
Can you find some other movies? I want to watch one at an imax show in the AMC Metreon nearby.
March 2nd would be nice.
I am in San Francisco, can you search for movies in this city?
Can you give me more movie recommendations, I want to see an IMAX show and I do like seeing comic movies.
At what time can I watch the movie, if I plan on seeing it on the 1st of this month?
I would like to find movies shown in Moraga tonight.
Lets watch it on the 2nd of this month and right now I will watch a regular T.V. show.
What movies are being shown in Healdsburg?
I want to see it 1st of March, in imax, at Raven Film center.
I wish to search for a movie at Tiburon Playhouse.
Could you please find the movie in Tiburon?
I wish to see it on the 9th.
Can you find me a movie shown in Vallejo
Can you search regular show movies shown in Santa Clara
Any other movies available?
Long shot sounds great. I want to watch on the 11th at AMC Mercado
I want to watch a movie in Larkspur. I want to watch some Horror movies.
What are the showtimes for the 1st of March?
I'm in Redwood City. Are there any Adventure movies playing at Century Redwood City?
On March 4th.
I'm looking for a movie at CineLux Tennant Station.
Something in Adventure at Morgan Hill, a regular show.
Shazam sounds good, what times are there for Monday next week?
Look in Santa Rosa.
What time is After playing later today?
I'm looking for a movie to see preferably in Livermore.
I'd like to see High Life. I'd like to see a 3d show. What time could I see it?
The day after tomorrow.
Find movies in the Santa Rosa area please.
Eh, I kind of want to watching something a little more regular. Can you find what is playing at the Airport Stadium Cinemas?
I plan on going to the theater Friday next week.
Find me please a movie to watch at Airport Stadium Cinemas
In Santa Rosa search me please.
It will be perfect for me to watch on next Friday.
Hey, I want a movie. Find me one in San Ramon, please. A good one this time!
Cool, but find some other ones too please. I love Adventure movies.
Yeah, I heard of that one! I want to see Shazam then. What showtimes are there today? Actually I'm free on the 2nd.
I prefer Union City.
Can you find some other choices? I prefer an adventure movie at Century Union Landing.
I would like to see it at an imax show on March 4th.
Please find me a non-fiction movie at the Roxie Theater.
Please search in the San Francisco area.
No. That's ok. I'm interested in the time for a regular show.
Let's try the day after tomorrow.
Can you help me find an adventure movie showing in concord?
I'd like to go watch it next wednesday.
I'm looking for a 3d movie in Brentwood.
No. Also, you can look at any theatre.
On the 7th.
I'm really bored. Can you find me a movie to watch in Union City?
Hotel Mumbai! Yes! Will there be a showing at Century Union Landing?
I am looking for movies in San Ramon.
I am not interested in those, are there any Adventure movies?
What are the schedules for the movie on the 2nd of March?
I wanna find a movie to watch. Can you search for movies in Alameda?
Nope, not now. What time can I watch it? I wanna watch it at Alameda Theatre & Cineplex. Any type of show is fine.
I wanna watch it on the 1st.
I want to watch a Suspense movie at Century Cinemas.
Century Cinemas is in San Leandro.
I want to go on March 3rd.
Yes. Search in San Bruno.
I want to want at Century at Tanforan, find some other movies.
I want to watch on 1st of this month.
Can you check for a regular showing of a horror movie in Redwood City.
Please check the 1st of this month.
Can you help me find a Comic movie?
I also like drama movies. Can you find a movie in Sebastopol?
Can you find other movies? I want to see an IMAX movie at Rialto Cinemas.
March 1st.
Life is very enthuastic and energitic , i need to enjoy it almost every moment in my life. Will you find a movie to watch? Any type of movies is opt for me.
Find movies in San Francisco area?
I want it on Saturday this week.
whether any other time is available and i need to watch a imax show and need to watch at Embarcadero Center Cinema.
Can you help me find Biographical movies to watch? It's been a while since I've seen one in the theatre.
I'm looking for movies in Morgan Hill.
Breakthrough is perfect. Are there any times for the 3rd?
Can you try March 1st at CineLux Tennant Station?
Can you find me an Imax movie Show?
search for me in Sebastopol.
make a search for 1st of this month.
Find me a movie in Santa Clara.
I'm planning on going to see it on the 4th of this month, as I have off from work. I'm hoping to catch the imax show at AMC Mercado.
I want to watch a a imax movie. I love the Ghost movies.
Show me movies for Mountain View.
Tomorrow at Century Cinema
I'm searching for movies to watch. I prefer Drama movies
Could you search for movies in Menlo Park.
What time can I see it? I want to watch on the 9th and a 3d show.
Pleasant Hill.
Anything else? I am looking for Scary movies.
Curse of La Llorona sounds great. Is it playing on 6th of March?
I'd like to see the movie in Union City, and I'd like it to be a Thriller movie.
I'd like to see it on March 2nd, and I want it to be a 3d show.
Somewhere in San Fran.
Tell me what is showing at the CineLux Tennant Station in Morgan Hill.
Not right now. What times are available. I'd liek to see it in Imax if possible.
On the 1st of March.
Can you search for movies shown in Sonoma?
I want to watch the movie on 9th of this month, can you tell me the timing?
Can you find movies being shown in Vallejo?
Do you know the time I can watch it? I want it to be an imax show.
Probably later today.
Make it San Bruno
No. Maybe look at the Century at Tanforan
I'll go on March 1st, a regular screening
What are some movies I can watch in Hayward?
What time can I watch it on Wednesday next week?
I'm looking for a movie to watch at THE LOT City Center.
I'm in San Ramon, so search for movies near there.
I'm not interested in any of those, can search some more. And I want to watch the movie in imax.
No, don't get me tickets. But can you tell me what time I can see it. I want to see it on March 1st?
I am looking for a regular movie to watch.
Search for Morgan Hill.
March 1st please.
I will have some free time coming up and am thinking I might go see a movie. What movies are showing in Alameda at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
No, are there any adventure movies showing in 3d?
I will probably be going on the 2nd.
I love adventure movies a lot and I want to see one of those. Can you find me a movie like that in San Jose? Preferably IMAX too, please.
I want to watch it on the 1st of this month. Are there any good showtimes at AMC Saratoga?
Look for movies shown in Martinez
Find other movies and any type of show
I want to watch it today
I want to find a Suspense movie to watch in Moraga.
Not right now. What time can I watch it at Rheem Theatre?
I want to see it on the 2nd.
Please search for movies showing at the Pruneyard Cinemas in Campbell.
What time can I watch an imax show?
March 2nd would be perfect.
I want to find a 3d movie.
I'll be in Brentwood. Could you look for movies there?
We'll be ready to watch it on the 1st of March.
I enjoy documentary movies. Are you able to look for movies showing in Morgan Hill?
No, not right now. What is the time that I can see it? I want to see it on the 3rd.
I live in San Bruno.
I would love to see Dumbo! Can I see it this Saturday?
I'd like to find a movie to watch. I like all movies.
Can you help me find movies showing in Newark?
I'd like to watch it on the 5th.
I'd like to go somewhere in Oakland.
I'd like something else. I forgot to mention but I'm into Comic movies.
I'd like to go on the 7th.
Please can you look for a good movie to watch for this week end, might be in San Jose?
Do you mean the adventurous movies? Nope, Please find something else for I like all kinds if its good to watch.
Yup, Little would be perfect. What time is the show? Do they have 3d shows? Will tickets be available to watch at CineLux Almaden?
Probably, on March 8th.
Hello, could you help me find a movie currently showing in Oakland?
What are the showtimes for this movie at New Parkway Theater?
I would like to watch it on 5th of March.
I want to go out to watch a movie in San Francisco, can you search for options?
Please keep searching. I'd like to see a drama at the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
Red Joan is perfect! What time can I see a 3d show on March 5th?
I would like to see a movie at the AMC Bay Street.
Please search for movies in Emeryville.
No. Please search for a Comic imax show.
I would like to watch the movie Friday next week.
I'd like to watch a movie at Reading Cinemas Rohnert Park.
I'm in Rohnert Park. Please find me a scary movie.
No, not at the moment. What are the available times for March 1st?
My brother and I want to go see an adventure movie, can you help find one?
Alameda is a good half way point between my brother and I , let's search there.
What time is the movie playing at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
How about tomorrow.
find me a movie to watch please. Any show will work
please search Mill Valley for movies.
How about on the 1st.
Santa Rosa. Any good movies around here?
What time is After playing? I would like to see a regular show at Roxy Stadium Cinemas.
Preferably, the 1st of this month.
Its Santa Clara, so please search for movies nearby.
Is there anything else, any type of movie will do.
I want to watch it at AMC Mercado, on the 4th of this month.
Search for movies in Vallejo.
the 2nd of this month.
Look for movies in San Fran.
What else is there? I want to see an imax movie.
The 1st of this month at Presidio Theatre.
Please search for movies in San Francisco.
I want to watch something different like a 3D show. And I want to see it at Century San Francisco Centre.
How about Thursday next week.
I am in San Francisco.
I want another movie. Any theater in Moraga is fine.
I want to see it tomorrow.
Is there another time? I want to see it on the 5th of this month.
I am feeling bored. Is there any Fantasy movies laying?
I want to see the movie in San Fran.
I would like to see it on the 9th of this month.
I want to go out in Petaluma, can you see what movies there are?
Can you see what else there is? I'm in the mood for adventure films. Can you look at Boulevard Cinema?
The 4th of this month
I'm in San Jose, please find me a movie to watch around here.
Breakthrough sounds great, thanks. I'd like to see it in 3D, when is it on?
On the 3rd of this month, if possible.
I'd like to look for a film to watch. I like adventure films.
Could you look for films shown in Napa?
I'd love Captain Marvel. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch a regular show.
I'd like to watch it on the day after tomorrow.
I'm in Larkspur.
No, not yet. But what time will I be able to watch a regular show?
I want to watch it on March 7th.
I prefer movies shown in Santa Rosa.
No thank you. Can you search for movies showing at Century at Tanforan in San Bruno.
Can you please list other movies? I'd prefer a regular show.
On the 5th please.
I want all kinds of movies
Find movies in San Leandro
I wanna watch at the Century Cinemas
I wanna see it on the 2nd
I feel good right now and would like to watch a movie. Can you search for movies shown in San Bruno?
Can you search for another one? I would like to watch Century at Tanforan.
What time is the movie available on Tuesday next week?
I want a 3d movie to watch.
Can you search in San Jose?
Find something else. Can you show what is on in Union City?
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it on? I want to watch at Century Union Landing.
I want to see it this Saturday.
Find me movies showing around Brentwood.
Find me some other movies showing at AMC Brentwood.
What's the showtime for Pet Sematary on next Tuesday?
Can you search for movies in Santa Rosa.
Please find some other movies at Airport Stadium Cinemas.
I want to watch 3d show on 1st of March
I want to see a movie in San Fran.
I'd prefer something else, in Menlo Park, any theater.
The 9th of March.
Look in Morgan Hill.
What time later today is Pet Sematary playing?
My friends came to my house and i am in joyful mood .will you find any adventure movies to watch along with my friends?
find any movies which is shown in Daly City?
Can you tell me the time i shall able to watch that movie on 4th of March at Century Daly City?
I would like to watch a regular show. Please search in San Jose.
I would like to know what time it's playing at the West Wind Capitol Drive-in?
Look up for 1st of March please.
I want to watch a movie at Sonoma Cinema.
I want to find movies in Sonoma.
Are there any other movies? I want to watch something in 3d.
Shazam! sounds great! I want to watch in Tuesday next week. What times are there?
I want to go out to watch a movie, can you find me some good shows in Pleasant Hill?
I like the sound of The Curse of La Llorona. What time can I watch it if I want to see a regular show at Century Downtown?
I want to watch it on 6th of this month.
Find me movies in Morgan Hill.
Find me something else like a regular show.
No, now right now. I want to see it at CineLux Tennant Station on the 4th of this month. What time is it playing then?
Show me movies in Santa Clara. I would prefer a regular show.
I think Dumbo sounds great. What are the timings for it and I want to see it on the 1st.
I'd like a location in San Ramon.
I'd like a Ghost movie. Can you find anything else?
Do you know screening times for this movie for Saturday this week.
Any other showtimes? I'd prefer watching it in 3d at Regal Crow Canyon.
Could you look in Union City?
It will be on the 7th of this month.
I am in Alameda.
March 2nd please.
I would like to see a Fantasy movie.
I want to see a movie in Mountain View.
I would like to see Dumbo. What time is it showing at ShowPlace ICON?
Any time on the 1st of March
My friend and I are looking for a movie to go to. What movies are showing in San Rafael?
Actually, what time is the movie. I want to see it in an imax theater.
I am hoping to go on the 1st of March.
I am looking for movies being show in San Jose.
No, find some other movies. Search for movies being shown in Santa Rosa instead. Any type of movie is fine.
What time can I watch it on March 2nd at 3rd Street Cinema.
I would like to find a movie to watch in Sonoma.
I want to watch a 3d showing of it on the 5th of March.
search for movies shown in SFO
I would like to see it tomorrow
I wanna see Embarcadero Center Cinema and in imax
Could you find films shown in San Ramon for me?
Please look for other films. I would like to watch at The Lot City Center.
Little is the one for me. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch it today.
I want to go to the movies. Is there something in theaters in Newark?
I want to go the 1st of this month.
Around SFO would be good.
Body Double sounds good. What time is it showing on the 15th of March at the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema
Could you help search for movies shown in Livermore?
Could you help find movies of the Adventure genre?
I would like to watch it on the 2nd.
I would like to find the movie at AMC Mercado
In Santa Clara and would like to watch a regular show.
Can you fin another movie.
On Saturday this week.
I have a lot of leisure time and i am going to make use of it. Will you find a movie to watch? Actually i like Drama kind of movies
Is it possible to check for movies shown in Albany? I need to watch a regular show.
Ok Red Joan is perfect. Please tell the time to watch it. I prefer the date is on the 5th
I'd like to go to the AMC NewPark.  Can you tell me what movies are showing in Newark?
I want to see Captain Marvel.  Are tickets available on the 3rd?  I'd rather see it in 3d.
I am in the Santa Clara area.
What time does Hotel Mumbai play at AMC Mercado IMAX?
I want to go see it today.
At the Concord area. I want to watch an Adventure movie at the Veranda Luxe Cinema. 
Sometime on the 6th of this month. 
I've always been interested in edwards fairfield. are there any biographical movies showing?
Can you do a search for any movies in fairfield?
The 2nd of March would be great and if you could book a regular show that would be even better!
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
I'm specifically looking for movies in Fremont. 
I'm interested in Hotel Mumbai, thanks. What are the times this movie is available? I'd like to watch a regular show. 
Tomorrow would be great, thanks. 
I would like to watch a movie in 3d from the Drama movie genre that I like.
Could you find me movies in Menlo Park?
I think I would like to see it on March 9th.
I want to find a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield.
Please search for movies shown in Fairfield.
I want to watch The Curse of La Llorona.  What time is an imax show available on March 1st?
Can you search for movies at Stanford Theatre around Palo Alto?
How about the 5th of this month?
I would like to watch a Biographical movie near Morgan Hill.
No, not now. I want to watch it at regular show times at CineLux Tennant Station. What time can I watch it?
This Sunday.
I like crime movies. Can you search for movies shown in San Francisco?
What times do they have available for me to watch it? I want to watch it This Saturday. I want to watch a Imax Show. 
I want to watch it at Century at Hayward. 
What times could I watch it? Are there any imax shows?
I want to watch it this Saturday.
I really enjoy Biographical movies and was thinking of watching Century at Hayward.
No. I would like to watch it on the 7th, and nothing fancy a regular show please.
Can you find me an IMAX showing of a comedy movie?
Search for movies in the San Francisco Area, specifically at the Balboa Theatre.
I want to watch the movie on 15th of March, are there any timing available on that day?
I'd like to see a Fantasy movie, what is playing at Contra Costa in Martinez?
I was thinking a regular showing on March 8th would be good. 
I was thinking about seeing a 3d movie at the Lark Theater. Can you search for the movies playing in Larkspur right now?
I want to see it Friday next week.
I want to find Animation movies that are 3d showing in Santa Rosa tonight.
Tomorrow please.
I'm looking for a comedy to watch in San Jose at the AMC Saratoga. What movies are available?
I want to go on the 2nd of March.
I am in San Jose. Also I want to see a 3D movie.
Yes, please find me some other movies. I want to see something at CineLux Almaden.
March 5th.
I like Horror movies and would also like to see a movie in Concord. Can you search for one there?
I am thinking of going on March 2nd and I would like to see it at Veranda LUXE Cinema.
Make it movies in Santa Clara
I'll see it this Saturday
A friend and I want to see an imax show at CineLux Tennant Station. What movies are out?
What fantasy movies are being shown in Morgan Hill?
No, not right now. What times is it playing on March 2nd?
I'mm interested in seeing an imax movie in Petaluma.
I plan on seeing it on the 2nd of March.
I am currently at Sebastopol, could you find for movies currently showing in this area?
What are the show times available for this movie? Would it be possible on the March 5th for a 3d version of this movie?
I'm in Livermore.
No, not right now. I want to watch it on Tuesday next week, at Livermore Cinema.
I really want to find a movie to watch. I was thinking we could go to an imax show.
What movies are showing in Fremont?
Shazam! sounds great. What time is it showing on the 8th of March?
can you search for movies shown in San Jose.i like Adventure movies.
I like Documentary movies. could you try again?
Can you search for moveis shown SFO. I want to watch at Roxie Theater. Please find some other movies.
I want to watch a regular show. I want to want it on 3rd of this month.
Hey, I'm looking for a movie to watch in Oakland. Is there anything available?
Please find some different movies. Any showing is fine.
March 7th, please.
I'm currently looking at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. I want to watch a movie on a big imax screen. Can you find some good movies in the San Francisco area?
Yeah, Knock Down The House sounds good. When does this movie start? I want to go see it on the 8th of March.
I need to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
Can you find a movie shown in SFO.
I like to watch it on 9th of this month.
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Livermore Cinema.
Are you able to find movies playing at Livermore?
After sounds great! I plan on watching it on the 2nd of this month. Can you tell me what time is the showing?
Could you help me finding a movie to watch in Union City, please?
could you please find me something else, like a scary movie at Century Union Landing?
Curse of La Llorona is perfect. What time can I watch a imax on the 7th
Find me a good flick in SFO.
Nah. Find me something regular.
Keep going. I'm flexible.
On March 1st.
I am in Brentwood, there are a few theaters. What movies are around here?
I don't like those options. Show me imax shows.
CineLux Delta Cinema Saver is the closest theater I think. I want to see it on March 2nd.
I want to find a movie to watch, Can you search for the movies shown in Petaluma?
No, I don't want to purchase now. What time can I watch it? I want to watch a 3d show.
I want to watch is on March 4th. I want to watch at Boulevard Cinema
I need to find a movie to watch in Livermore. I'd like to see an imax show.
Look for something else. Something regular.
Not right now. When is it showing at Vine Cinema?
I'd like to see it on the 2nd of this month.
I'd like to discover a film to watch. Can you search for San Bruno shown films.
How long can I watch it? Every theater is okay.
I'm waiting to see it on 2nd of March .
I live in Walnut Creek.
Not right now? I just want to know showtimes on March 2nd.
Hi. I want to find a comedy movie to watch at Century Oakridge. Can you help me with that?
I'm in San Jose.
No, I don't want to purchase tickets now. But can you tell me when I can see it? I want to see it in 3d next Tuesday.
What movies are showing in San Jose? I really want to go see a movie.
Nah, those aren't what I'm looking for. What imax shows are out?
Oh, sorry. I would like to see it on the 9th of March.
I'm in Union City, can you suggest any movies there?
I want to watch a regular showing on the 5th.
Can you show me movies shown in Morgan Hill.
No, I want to watch it on Sunday this week. What times is it showing?
I want to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
No thanks. I like fantasy movies. Can you now search in Campbell?
On the 2nd.
Im looking to watch a movie that is in 3d.
I want to watch the movie at Boulevard Cinema. Can you find movies that are showing in Petaluma? I enjoy comedy movies.
I would like to watch the movie on the 4th.
Hey, I want to go see a movie. Any theater is cool for me.
I am in Santa Rosa and want the closest theater. What movies are there now?
Find some more options, please. I want to see 3rd Street Cinema.
Yes, The Upside is what I want to see then. What are the showtimes for today?
Brentwood, please. I'd like to watch an Adventure movie at AMC Brentwood.
Not at the moment. I'd like to watch an imax show, what are the available times?
March 2nd, please.
I would like to watch a regular show at the Century at Tanforan. Could you make the search for movies in San Bruno?
The 5th of this month would be perfect.
I am looking for a 3d suspense movie in Santa Clara.
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it showing at AMC Mercado?
the 1st please.
It's movie night! I'm trying to decide what to watch. Can you find movies shown in Sonoma?
I'd like to see it on March 5th.
I'm looking for a movie to watch tonight. My favorites are scary movies.
A theater in Berkeley would be most convenient.
I want to go sometime today. I think the United Artists Berkeley would be the closest to where I am.
Can you find a funny movie for me at AMC Brentwood?
Find a 3d movie in Brentwood.
I want to go later today.
Is there another show time? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
Find movies in Larkspur
Not now, what times are available and any theatre is fine.
1st of this month
I would like to find a 3d movie to watch.
Could you search for movies playing in Union City. Preferably at Century Union Landing.
No, I don't want to buy tickets now. What times are the movies playing? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I haven't seen a new movie a months. Can you find me an Imax show in Campbell to watch?
Can you tell me if it's playing on the 2nd at Pruneyard cinemas?
I'm looking for a Comedy to watch in a theatre today, can you help me pick one?
I'm in Oakland right now.
Not really - can you find some others? I'd like to go to the New Parkway Theater, a regular show, nothing 3D, they make me queasy.
I'm thinking the 7th of this month.
I want to go to the movies. Find me a drama
In Sebastopol
I want to see Hackers on the 7th of this month. What time does it play?
I would like it in San Bruno.
This Saturday at Century at Tanforan.
Search for movies being shown in Newark.
Can you find some other movies at AMC NewPark.
Find some other movies, any type of movie is fine.
What time can I watch the movie on the 2nd?
My friend and I want to watch a movie at Century Daly City
I am in Daly City - can you find Adventure movies for us?
Shazam! sounds good! What times are available on the 4th of March?
I want to watch a imax show for movies in Fremont.And I want to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
I like adventure movies.Please find some other movies.
Shazam! is perfect.I want to watch it on Friday next week . What time can I watch it?
I am in Vallejo
I want to watch Captain Marvel. What time do they have available
I want to watch on March 2nd
I'm on Oakland. Can you show me movies from here?
I changed my mind. Can you show me regular shows?
It's not necessary to buy now. What time on March 1st can I watch it?
Please look for a movie in Emeryville.
Yes, Teen Spirit would be great. What time is an imax showing playing?
I want to see the movie on the 1st of this month please.
San Francisco.
On the 15th.
My friend and I are looking to watch a movie later. Can you find movies in Walnut Creek?
We would like to see Little. Is there any times available for Tuesday next week?
Please can you look for some good movies in Santa Rosa of Sonoma County?
Not exactly for the debut movies but might for the latest one. Please can you suggest some other movies? If you can find the one shown in Oakland, that would be perfect.
Nope, I would like to watch Funny movies especially a imax show. Please can you find any such movies?
I will be available on March 9th. That day would work.
in Pleasant Hill, Is there any nice movie you can find here?
Yes, I need to clarify, at what time, I can watch this movie on 2nd of this month.
I'm in Brentwood
Long Shot sounds perfect. What are the show times? I would like to watch a 3d show.
I prefer the 1st of March.
I am looking for a movie to watch. Can you find movies that are showing in Morgan Hill?
Please look for other movies. Are you able to do a search for movies in Emeryville? I would like to see something in IMax.
Teen Spirit will be perfect. What time will I be able to watch it? I would like to see it at AMC Bay Street?
I would like to see it today?
Can you search around Sebastopol?
Can I have some more options? And can you search in Union City?
9th of March.
I'm in Berkeley. Any good movies here?
I would like to go today.
I'd like to see a movie at Century Rowland Plaza.
I'd like to see an imax movie in Novato.
I'd like to see it on March 1st.
Can you search in Brentwood.
Please find some other movies in San Ramon. Any theatre is fine.
I want to watch 3d show, pls find other movies
No. I want to watch on 2nd of March. What time can i watch?
Can you find me a movie to watch at CineLux Tennant Station
Look for movies in Morgan Hill
Captain Marvel sounds perf. What Time can I watch? I want a regular show time
On march 7th.
I'd like to a show. Can you help me find a 3d movie near me?
I'm in Cloverdale.
I'd like to see it on the 2nd.
I feel like watching a movie. What's available in San Jose?
Can you search for other ones? Something at CineLux Almaden.
The Curse of La Llorona is great. What time is it available in March 5th?
This week, I have a lot to do and meeting to attend. I think I'll deserve some time to relax and watch a movie, something I could really use your help choosing. I want to see a Non-fiction movie that I can watch on imax. You have any ideas for me?
Please recommend a movie that's showing in San Bruno.
Please set the date for the 8th of March.
I want to find movies in San Ramon.
I want to see it on Saturday this week.
What's the address for Cinelux Tennant Station?
Do you know which movies are showing in Morgan Hill?
Is there a imax show nearby?
March 2nd is perfect for me.
I want to watch a movie in San Francisco.
Find some comic movies. I want to watch at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
I want to watch tomorrow.
Look for movies shown in SFO.
I want to watch it at Embarcadero Center Cinema on the 2nd of this month.
A fun movie is on the agenda for our upcoming family night out. It's kind of a big deal because we're still celebrating graduation, and we want to see a movie that's 3d, lighthearted and rated for all ages. What's your take on a movie recommendation, please?
How about a search in San Ramon. Any kind of movie is fine, just as long as it's fun.
Okay, I expect we'll go see the movie on the 5th at THE LOT City Center.
I want movies shown in Union City.
I prefer tomorrow at Century Union Landing. Whatever type of show is absolutely fine.
Search for movies in SFO please.
Can you find some other movies? I like the War genre.
Aftermath sounds great! What are the showtimes for IMAX showings?
I want to see it on the 1st.
Can you help me find movies in Oakland?
I'd like to see it at New Parkway Theater on the 10th of March.
It will be fine in SFO
Try some other particularly in Vallejo, imax show.
On 2nd of March.
Yeah, I have changed the date to March 1st and at Century Vallejo.
Find theaters playing 3D movies in San Jose.
Find Drama movies on imax.
This Saturday.
I am going to watch a movie at the Piedmont Theatre
Have you tried searching for movies in Oakland
I will purchase a ticket later what time will be good so I can watch a imax show
How about the 7th of March
What are some flicks in Oakland?
Dr. Strangelove sounds good. I don't care about the theater, but what times are available?
I'd like to catch it on the 10th.
Search for movies only shown in Vacaville.
Try to find movies shown in Albany.
On the 5th at Albany Twin will be good.
Please find a movie in San Francisco.
Please check the showtimes for this Saturday.
Is it on at any other times? I'd actually like to go to the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
I need the movies being shown in Brentwood.
No, something else. An imax show is what I am looking for.
I am planning to watch it on March 2nd.
Search for movies at Menlo Park.
I would like to see it March 9th.
Is it available at another time? How about on March 4th?
Find movies in SF.
I want a 3D showing, on March 2nd, at the Vogue Theatre.
I wish to see a move at AMC NewPark.
Kindly find a movie in Newark.
Could you please search for some other movies? I wish to see a Fantasy movie at imax show.
I wish to see it on the 1st.
Can you search a comic movie for me?
I am in Santa Clara, can you search here?
search for March 11th.
I would like to watch a horror movie.
Search for movies in San Jose area
Tuesday next week would be best
Can you find movies in Martinez?
The 9th of this month and I would like a regular show.
I would like to go to Vine Cinema in Livermore.
I would like to watch it on the 3rd.
I would like to search for movies in Santa Rosa, please.
I would like to watch the movie at any theater today.
I want movies in Vacaville.
Not right now. What time can I see the show? I want to watch a regular show.
I want to watch it tomorrow.
I'd like to find a movie to watch at Century San Francisco Centre.
Help me find movies showing in San Francisco.
How about next Thursday?
In Vacaville please
No I want something else. What's playing in San Bruno. I don't care which theater.
On the 2nd of this month. Does it come in imax?
The Redwood City
the Century Redwood city the March 1st
San Rafael, please. I'd like to see a Drama movie.
March 1st, please.
Can you search Larkspur for Drama movies?
Lets go see Transit, What time is it? Ill go to any theater.
Next Tuesday is when i want to see it.
I want to find a movie to watch at AMC Saratoga.
Search for 3d movies in San Jose.
Please find movies in Union City.
Could you find some other movies? I prefer Adventure movies.
I wish to see it on March 4th.
Are there any good movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I would like to see it on March 2nd in a 3d showing.
I feel like going to the movies. I'd like to go see a 3d movie at Guild Theatre.
Can you look for films which are playing in Menlo Park?
Red Joan sounds great. What time is it playing on March 9th?
Search for movies playing right now in Napa.
Let's go with Sunday this week.
Comedy movies are my favorites.Search for me movies shown in SF .I would love to watch a imax show.
I want to watch at Century San Francisco Centre the movie Missing Link .At what time can it be?
I would like to be on 1st of this month.
I would like to see a movie in Santa Rosa.
Dumbo would be great, what are the playing times on March 1st at any theater.
I'm looking for movies in Santa Clara.
What time is the movie showing at AMC Mercado?
Wednesday next week.
I am in Oakland, so can you find me any nearby movies?
I am interested in seeing something else, preferably at the Regal Jack London.
The Best of Enemies sounds good to watch, can you tell me 3d showtimes for Saturday this week?
I'd like to watch a movie at THE LOT City Center.
Look for movies plating San Ramon.
I'm looking forward to seeing it on the 1st.
Can you find movies in Albany?
Next Tuesday please.
I would like to go to an Imax movie, can you find me a Comedy to watch?
I'm located in Oakland.
Gloria Bell would be good - I'd like to see it on the 9th of this month, what time does it start at?
I want to find a movie to watch at Century Walnut Creek.
Can you search for movies shown in Walnut Creek? I'd like to watch a regular show.
No, not now. What are the viewing times and dates? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I would like to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
I would like to watch it on the 1st of March.
I'm in Santa Rosa. I'm in the mood for a fantasy movie.
I want to go on 6th of March, to a regular show at 3rd Street cinema.
I'm in San Francisco. What's available?
No, I want something else please. Any theater will do.
Please find something else. I'm interested in drama movies. Are there any regular showings available?
I am looking for showtimes on the 17th.
I want to see a movie in San Bruno. What's available?
No, what else is there? I want to see a regular show.
What time is it? I want to go to Century at Tanforan.
I'd like to go on the 1st.
I want to watch a movie in SF
I want Horror movies
I am available to watch on 7th of this month
Can you search movies in San Ramon.
I would like Scary movies. I would like to watch THE LOT City Center.
Can you find some other movies, I like all kinds.
I would like to see Little. I would like to watch it on March 1st.
I like Biographical movies, can you search for movies shown in Vallejo? I want to watch a 3d show.
Monday next week would be superb. I'd prefer to see it at Century Vallejo
What's showing in San Jose?
What time is it showing at CineLux Almaden?
I am available on the 3rd.
I would like to go to a movie in San Ramon. Can you tell me what movies are playing?
The 9th is the date I am looking to watch it.
Can you do a search for me? I'm looking for 3d movies in San Jose.
I'm in San Ramon, please find a movie there.
No, I don't need tickets right away. What time is their imax showing?
Please check the 9th of this month.
Find me movies in Union City.
I'd like to watch it on the 7th of March.
I'd like to see an imax show at Century at Pacific Commons. I want to watch it.
Can you check for a movie in Fremont?
When can I see it on the 8th of March?
Please look for movies in SFO.
Please find some other options in imax.
What time is the showtimes on March 1st?
Can you find all movies in Pleasant Hill?
On the 2nd of this month, I want to watch a 3d movie. Can you tell me what 3d movies are playing near me?
Hey, they got any Fantasy movies playing at THE LOT City Center?
Look in San Ramon.
The 1st of this month. Look for the 3d version.
I want to watch movie. Any kind of movie works for me.
Can you find movies playing in Martinez.
Missing Link is great! What time I see it? I want to see it on the 1st of March at Contra Costa.
Can you find me movies shown in Emeryville
Please find some more movies. I would like to watch at AMC Bay Street for a 3d show.
Pet Sematary is so good. What time can I watch it? My preferred date is March 8th.
Could you try once? I wanna watch it on Saturday this week.
Find me a regular movie to watch.
I am in Concord.
I want to see it on March 1st.
I want to find a movie to watch. I want to watch a regular show.
Can you search for movies shown in SF.
I want to watch it on 2nd of March.
My husband and I want to watch a 3d movie. Where is the closest place?
I'm in San Jose. Can you look around there?
No, Sunday this week when we have a babysitter. We want the CineLux Almaden.
I would love to see a 3d show in Menlo Park.Can you help me find one?
It will be great to watch at Guild Theatre,tell me please at what time can I watch it.
In 9th of this month it will be great for me.
I wish to watch a movies shown in Morgan Hill. So Find it in that place.
No, Not at all. Please search for other movies. Will you search for movies shown in Union City and I like to watch at Century Union Landing location.
No, Not interested . Find some other movies, will you find me 3d movies
At what time i shall able to watch that movie? Whether i could able to watch it on 2nd of this month.
Can you find me a 3D movie to watch?
Please find me movies in Brentwood.
I don't like those. Show me movies in Pleasant Hill.
I'd like to see it on 2nd of March.
I am in Antioch, can you search for nearby movies?
I am more interested in fantasy movies, can you give me movie recommendations for the AMC Deer Valley?
I want to see the movie on the 4th of this month.
Can you search a movie shown in Palo Alto? I want to watch a movie.
Pillow Talk sounds good. What time is the movie?
I am planning to watch a regular show on 5th of this month.
I am looking for a movie in Alameda.
Give me some more choices please Check the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex for an imax show.
Next Friday would be perfect for me.
I really want to watch a Fantasy movie. Is there anything available?
I'm in Campbell. I'd like to go to Pruneyard Cinemas.
I want to watch the imax show next Friday.
Please search for movies showing in Mill Valley.
Please find out the screening times for 3d shows.
Yes, I'd love to watch it later today.
I am planning to catch a movie with my friend later. Can you recommend a 3d movie?
I want to know what movies are showing in Emeryville. I am particularly interested in movies of the Thriller genre.
I would like to catch the movie on 8th of March. Can you find me the screen times for this show on that date?
Can you find me a 3d show at the Guild Theatre at Menlo Park?
Red Joan will work. what times are avaliable for the 9th of this month.
Can you tell me what movies are playing at Century Cinemas?
In San Leandro. I'd like to watch the 3d show.
Breakthrough sound great! I'd like to watch it on the 2nd. What time is it playing?
Can you look for movies in Livermore?
No thanks. I like adventure movies and I want to watch an Imax show.
2nd of March.
How about Friday next week at Livermore Cinema?
I want to watch a 3d movice in Emeryville.
I want to watch the movie on the 8th at AMC Bay Street.
Hi, I would like to search for movies currently shown at Albany Twin.
I would prefer movies shown in Albany.
Not yet, what are the available time slots for this movie next Tuesday?
Can you find me a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield?
Sure. Search any kind of movies in Fairfield.
I'd particularly like a 3d movie.
No, not at this moment? At what time is it screening? I'd like to go on the 1st of this month.
Can you help me search for movies that are playing in Emeryville?
I like Comedy movies, can you please help me find one?
Missing Link is perfect. What time would I be able to watch it? I would like to watch it on the 8th of this month.
I want to watch something in Imax in San Francisco
I don't really like any of those. How about some Drama films? I want to watch it at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
The Mustang sounds good. What are the times if I want to watch it Wednesday next week?
I want to find a movie to watch. I like comic movies. I want to watch at Century Napa Valley.
I want to watch a 3D show. Can you search for movies in Napa?
I want to watch it on the 1st of March.
I am interested in watching adventure movies in imax show.
I want you to have a search for movies which are shown in walnut creek
I feel Shazam is good for me and i want to watch it in Century Walnut Creek and what is the show time?
I am interested in watching the movie on Monday next week.
I want to watch in San Ramon
On 2nd of this month.
Can you search for movies in San Jose.
I want to watch 3 Below Theaters and lounge.
Mary Magdalene is good I would like to watch it this Saturday a imax show.
Check what's playing in Union City please.
I wanted to go to the movies next Thursday.
Look for movies in San Jose.
No, can you find an imax show in Concord?
I want to see it on Wednesday next week.
I'm looking for something to do with my evening. What movies are showing in San Jose?
I'm thinking today at the AMC Eastridge.
I want to watch a movie in Union City.
I want to watch a Scary movie in imax.
I want to see it on March 7th.
I want to watch a movie that's been shown in Fairfield.
No.I'll buy tickets later. Can you find a 3d show?
The 1st of this month.
San Jose, so search for movies there.
Actually, Breakthrough sounds great. I want to see it on the 3rd so what times is it playing then?
Can you find me a movie? I'm in the mood for action
In Oakland please
The day after tomorrow please
I want to watch a Rom-com movie.
I am looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
I want to go on the 1st.
I'm looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
No. What's showing at Summerfield Cinemas?
I'm looking for an imax show this Saturday.
I'm in Oakland.
I wanna watch it on 1st of this month.
I want to see it at Century Union Landing. What movies are playing in Union City?
I'd like to see it on Saturday this week.
I want the see the 3d version on the 1st of this month. Is it showing then?
I want to watch a movie at AMC Bay Street
Searc in Emeryville, please
Yes, I want to watch a imax show: what time is it?
On later today
I think that I want to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
Does SF have any movies showing?
I think we should do Suburban Birds. I think I want something regular on the 17th. Do you have any times?
Can you look for movies in SF.
Can you please look for some other movies, I'd like to see an imax show.
Can you find some other movies I'd like to go see them at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. Any kind of movie will do.
Oh yeah, what time is the movie? I'd like to watch it on the 8th?
I like Ghost movies. Search for movies in San Jose.
I want to see it Tuesday next week
Can you tell me which movies are playing at Lark Theater, please. I'd like to find a good one to watch.
Search for movies in Larkspur.
Shine a light sounds perfect. When is it screening? Any show type is OK.
I'd like the 1st of March, if possible.
I would like to see a movie in San Ramon.
I am more in to adventure movies. Could you look for some different movies. Also, I would like to watch at THE LOT City Center.
I would like to watch the regular showing next Monday. What time do they have available, then?
I would like to see a thriller movie located in Brentwood.
What are the show times at AMC Brentwood?
Definitely on March 5th. Is it available
Can you show me movies in San Jose.
No they don't sound like my cup of tea. What about a 3d film.
I want to go next Friday.
Would you look for theaters around Emeryville? That's where we're eating.
I'd like to see something at the AMC Bay Street. Preferably a comic book-type movie. If you can find one of those, that would be great!
I forgot. I wanted to see it on Imax and March 8th would be the date.
Please search for movies in downtown San Fran.
I want to know when I can go see that movies. What are the regular show times?
I would like to see this movie on the 2nd.
Can you tell me what's on in San Francisco.
What time is it playing on 3rd of March.
I want to find an imax movie to watch later tonight.
I am located near Hillsborough.
I'd like to try and watch it on the 1st of March.
San Jose. I want to watch a regular show.
No, something else, in 3D, please.
On the 3rd.
I like Life history movies and want to find a movie to watch. I would like to watch Century at Hayward.
Please find movies in Hayward.
Breakthrough sounds great. What time is it available to watch? I am interested in a regular show.
I want to see it on the 7th.
I would like to watch a 3d movie.
I would like movies in Petaluma.
No not at present. What time is it on? I am interested in showing on the 4th at Boulevard Cinema.
I would like hear about movies being played in Brentwood.
No not right now, can I have the show times and can you look for the movie in 3d?
I would like to watch a imax show on the 2nd of this month.
I feel like being spooked out. Can you help me find some scary movies?
Please look for movies showing in Campbell.
The Curse of La Llorona works good for me. What time is it showing? I'd like to go on the 9th.
I want to find a comedy movie. Search for movies now showing in Oakland.
Let's try something else. I want a regular show. Something like a Biographical movie.
No, not right now. What time does it play? I also want to watch Regal Jack London next Friday.
I want to watch a movie, can you search for movies shown in San Jose.
I want to go on the 11th, at 3 Below Theaters And Lounge.
Can you find for movies shown in Santa Clara.
I like to watch imax show on 1st of March.
I wanna go to the cinema. I don't mind the theatre.
Can you search movies in San Francisco?
Dumbo is perfect. What time can I watch it? I'd like to watch it on March 3rd.
Can you search for movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I would like to see After. Any type of show is fine. What times is it showing?
I'd like to see it on the 1st of this month.
Search for Fantasy movies in San Jose.
No, I don't want to buy the ticket right now. Can you find me the timing of the movie on March 1st at Cinemark?
What are some movies playing in Emeryville right now?
On the 4th of this month.
Give me a 3d show.
I am in Petaluma.
What times are available on the 2nd of this month at Boulevard Cinema.
I'm in San Francisco. Try searching for movies shown there.
Can you find some other movies? I want to watch one at an imax show in the AMC Metreon nearby.
March 2nd would be nice.
I am in San Francisco, can you search for movies in this city?
Can you give me more movie recommendations, I want to see an IMAX show and I do like seeing comic movies.
At what time can I watch the movie, if I plan on seeing it on the 1st of this month?
I would like to find movies shown in Moraga tonight.
Lets watch it on the 2nd of this month and right now I will watch a regular T.V. show.
What movies are being shown in Healdsburg?
I want to see it 1st of March, in imax, at Raven Film center.
I wish to search for a movie at Tiburon Playhouse.
Could you please find the movie in Tiburon?
I wish to see it on the 9th.
Can you find me a movie shown in Vallejo
Can you search regular show movies shown in Santa Clara
Any other movies available?
Long shot sounds great. I want to watch on the 11th at AMC Mercado
I want to watch a movie in Larkspur. I want to watch some Horror movies.
What are the showtimes for the 1st of March?
I'm in Redwood City. Are there any Adventure movies playing at Century Redwood City?
On March 4th.
I'm looking for a movie at CineLux Tennant Station.
Something in Adventure at Morgan Hill, a regular show.
Shazam sounds good, what times are there for Monday next week?
Look in Santa Rosa.
What time is After playing later today?
I'm looking for a movie to see preferably in Livermore.
I'd like to see High Life. I'd like to see a 3d show. What time could I see it?
The day after tomorrow.
Find movies in the Santa Rosa area please.
Eh, I kind of want to watching something a little more regular. Can you find what is playing at the Airport Stadium Cinemas?
I plan on going to the theater Friday next week.
Find me please a movie to watch at Airport Stadium Cinemas
In Santa Rosa search me please.
It will be perfect for me to watch on next Friday.
Hey, I want a movie. Find me one in San Ramon, please. A good one this time!
Cool, but find some other ones too please. I love Adventure movies.
Yeah, I heard of that one! I want to see Shazam then. What showtimes are there today? Actually I'm free on the 2nd.
I prefer Union City.
Can you find some other choices? I prefer an adventure movie at Century Union Landing.
I would like to see it at an imax show on March 4th.
Please find me a non-fiction movie at the Roxie Theater.
Please search in the San Francisco area.
No. That's ok. I'm interested in the time for a regular show.
Let's try the day after tomorrow.
Can you help me find an adventure movie showing in concord?
I'd like to go watch it next wednesday.
I'm looking for a 3d movie in Brentwood.
No. Also, you can look at any theatre.
On the 7th.
I'm really bored. Can you find me a movie to watch in Union City?
Hotel Mumbai! Yes! Will there be a showing at Century Union Landing?
I am looking for movies in San Ramon.
I am not interested in those, are there any Adventure movies?
What are the schedules for the movie on the 2nd of March?
I wanna find a movie to watch. Can you search for movies in Alameda?
Nope, not now. What time can I watch it? I wanna watch it at Alameda Theatre & Cineplex. Any type of show is fine.
I wanna watch it on the 1st.
I want to watch a Suspense movie at Century Cinemas.
Century Cinemas is in San Leandro.
I want to go on March 3rd.
Yes. Search in San Bruno.
I want to want at Century at Tanforan, find some other movies.
I want to watch on 1st of this month.
Can you check for a regular showing of a horror movie in Redwood City.
Please check the 1st of this month.
Can you help me find a Comic movie?
I also like drama movies. Can you find a movie in Sebastopol?
Can you find other movies? I want to see an IMAX movie at Rialto Cinemas.
March 1st.
Life is very enthuastic and energitic , i need to enjoy it almost every moment in my life. Will you find a movie to watch? Any type of movies is opt for me.
Find movies in San Francisco area?
I want it on Saturday this week.
whether any other time is available and i need to watch a imax show and need to watch at Embarcadero Center Cinema.
Can you help me find Biographical movies to watch? It's been a while since I've seen one in the theatre.
I'm looking for movies in Morgan Hill.
Breakthrough is perfect. Are there any times for the 3rd?
Can you try March 1st at CineLux Tennant Station?
Can you find me an Imax movie Show?
search for me in Sebastopol.
make a search for 1st of this month.
Find me a movie in Santa Clara.
I'm planning on going to see it on the 4th of this month, as I have off from work. I'm hoping to catch the imax show at AMC Mercado.
I want to watch a a imax movie. I love the Ghost movies.
Show me movies for Mountain View.
Tomorrow at Century Cinema
I'm searching for movies to watch. I prefer Drama movies
Could you search for movies in Menlo Park.
What time can I see it? I want to watch on the 9th and a 3d show.
Pleasant Hill.
Anything else? I am looking for Scary movies.
Curse of La Llorona sounds great. Is it playing on 6th of March?
I'd like to see the movie in Union City, and I'd like it to be a Thriller movie.
I'd like to see it on March 2nd, and I want it to be a 3d show.
Somewhere in San Fran.
Tell me what is showing at the CineLux Tennant Station in Morgan Hill.
Not right now. What times are available. I'd liek to see it in Imax if possible.
On the 1st of March.
Can you search for movies shown in Sonoma?
I want to watch the movie on 9th of this month, can you tell me the timing?
Can you find movies being shown in Vallejo?
Do you know the time I can watch it? I want it to be an imax show.
Probably later today.
Make it San Bruno
No. Maybe look at the Century at Tanforan
I'll go on March 1st, a regular screening
What are some movies I can watch in Hayward?
What time can I watch it on Wednesday next week?
I'm looking for a movie to watch at THE LOT City Center.
I'm in San Ramon, so search for movies near there.
I'm not interested in any of those, can search some more. And I want to watch the movie in imax.
No, don't get me tickets. But can you tell me what time I can see it. I want to see it on March 1st?
I am looking for a regular movie to watch.
Search for Morgan Hill.
March 1st please.
I will have some free time coming up and am thinking I might go see a movie. What movies are showing in Alameda at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
No, are there any adventure movies showing in 3d?
I will probably be going on the 2nd.
I love adventure movies a lot and I want to see one of those. Can you find me a movie like that in San Jose? Preferably IMAX too, please.
I want to watch it on the 1st of this month. Are there any good showtimes at AMC Saratoga?
Look for movies shown in Martinez
Find other movies and any type of show
I want to watch it today
I want to find a Suspense movie to watch in Moraga.
Not right now. What time can I watch it at Rheem Theatre?
I want to see it on the 2nd.
Please search for movies showing at the Pruneyard Cinemas in Campbell.
What time can I watch an imax show?
March 2nd would be perfect.
I want to find a 3d movie.
I'll be in Brentwood. Could you look for movies there?
We'll be ready to watch it on the 1st of March.
I enjoy documentary movies. Are you able to look for movies showing in Morgan Hill?
No, not right now. What is the time that I can see it? I want to see it on the 3rd.
I live in San Bruno.
I would love to see Dumbo! Can I see it this Saturday?
I'd like to find a movie to watch. I like all movies.
Can you help me find movies showing in Newark?
I'd like to watch it on the 5th.
I'd like to go somewhere in Oakland.
I'd like something else. I forgot to mention but I'm into Comic movies.
I'd like to go on the 7th.
Please can you look for a good movie to watch for this week end, might be in San Jose?
Do you mean the adventurous movies? Nope, Please find something else for I like all kinds if its good to watch.
Yup, Little would be perfect. What time is the show? Do they have 3d shows? Will tickets be available to watch at CineLux Almaden?
Probably, on March 8th.
Hello, could you help me find a movie currently showing in Oakland?
What are the showtimes for this movie at New Parkway Theater?
I would like to watch it on 5th of March.
I want to go out to watch a movie in San Francisco, can you search for options?
Please keep searching. I'd like to see a drama at the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
Red Joan is perfect! What time can I see a 3d show on March 5th?
I would like to see a movie at the AMC Bay Street.
Please search for movies in Emeryville.
No. Please search for a Comic imax show.
I would like to watch the movie Friday next week.
I'd like to watch a movie at Reading Cinemas Rohnert Park.
I'm in Rohnert Park. Please find me a scary movie.
No, not at the moment. What are the available times for March 1st?
My brother and I want to go see an adventure movie, can you help find one?
Alameda is a good half way point between my brother and I , let's search there.
What time is the movie playing at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
How about tomorrow.
find me a movie to watch please. Any show will work
please search Mill Valley for movies.
How about on the 1st.
Santa Rosa. Any good movies around here?
What time is After playing? I would like to see a regular show at Roxy Stadium Cinemas.
Preferably, the 1st of this month.
Its Santa Clara, so please search for movies nearby.
Is there anything else, any type of movie will do.
I want to watch it at AMC Mercado, on the 4th of this month.
Search for movies in Vallejo.
the 2nd of this month.
Look for movies in San Fran.
What else is there? I want to see an imax movie.
The 1st of this month at Presidio Theatre.
Please search for movies in San Francisco.
I want to watch something different like a 3D show. And I want to see it at Century San Francisco Centre.
How about Thursday next week.
I am in San Francisco.
I want another movie. Any theater in Moraga is fine.
I want to see it tomorrow.
Is there another time? I want to see it on the 5th of this month.
I am feeling bored. Is there any Fantasy movies laying?
I want to see the movie in San Fran.
I would like to see it on the 9th of this month.
I want to go out in Petaluma, can you see what movies there are?
Can you see what else there is? I'm in the mood for adventure films. Can you look at Boulevard Cinema?
The 4th of this month
I'm in San Jose, please find me a movie to watch around here.
Breakthrough sounds great, thanks. I'd like to see it in 3D, when is it on?
On the 3rd of this month, if possible.
I'd like to look for a film to watch. I like adventure films.
Could you look for films shown in Napa?
I'd love Captain Marvel. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch a regular show.
I'd like to watch it on the day after tomorrow.
I'm in Larkspur.
No, not yet. But what time will I be able to watch a regular show?
I want to watch it on March 7th.
I prefer movies shown in Santa Rosa.
No thank you. Can you search for movies showing at Century at Tanforan in San Bruno.
Can you please list other movies? I'd prefer a regular show.
On the 5th please.
I want all kinds of movies
Find movies in San Leandro
I wanna watch at the Century Cinemas
I wanna see it on the 2nd
I feel good right now and would like to watch a movie. Can you search for movies shown in San Bruno?
Can you search for another one? I would like to watch Century at Tanforan.
What time is the movie available on Tuesday next week?
I want a 3d movie to watch.
Can you search in San Jose?
Find something else. Can you show what is on in Union City?
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it on? I want to watch at Century Union Landing.
I want to see it this Saturday.
Find me movies showing around Brentwood.
Find me some other movies showing at AMC Brentwood.
What's the showtime for Pet Sematary on next Tuesday?
Can you search for movies in Santa Rosa.
Please find some other movies at Airport Stadium Cinemas.
I want to watch 3d show on 1st of March
I want to see a movie in San Fran.
I'd prefer something else, in Menlo Park, any theater.
The 9th of March.
Look in Morgan Hill.
What time later today is Pet Sematary playing?
My friends came to my house and i am in joyful mood .will you find any adventure movies to watch along with my friends?
find any movies which is shown in Daly City?
Can you tell me the time i shall able to watch that movie on 4th of March at Century Daly City?
I would like to watch a regular show. Please search in San Jose.
I would like to know what time it's playing at the West Wind Capitol Drive-in?
Look up for 1st of March please.
I want to watch a movie at Sonoma Cinema.
I want to find movies in Sonoma.
Are there any other movies? I want to watch something in 3d.
Shazam! sounds great! I want to watch in Tuesday next week. What times are there?
I want to go out to watch a movie, can you find me some good shows in Pleasant Hill?
I like the sound of The Curse of La Llorona. What time can I watch it if I want to see a regular show at Century Downtown?
I want to watch it on 6th of this month.
Find me movies in Morgan Hill.
Find me something else like a regular show.
No, now right now. I want to see it at CineLux Tennant Station on the 4th of this month. What time is it playing then?
Show me movies in Santa Clara. I would prefer a regular show.
I think Dumbo sounds great. What are the timings for it and I want to see it on the 1st.
I'd like a location in San Ramon.
I'd like a Ghost movie. Can you find anything else?
Do you know screening times for this movie for Saturday this week.
Any other showtimes? I'd prefer watching it in 3d at Regal Crow Canyon.
Could you look in Union City?
It will be on the 7th of this month.
I am in Alameda.
March 2nd please.
I would like to see a Fantasy movie.
I want to see a movie in Mountain View.
I would like to see Dumbo. What time is it showing at ShowPlace ICON?
Any time on the 1st of March
My friend and I are looking for a movie to go to. What movies are showing in San Rafael?
Actually, what time is the movie. I want to see it in an imax theater.
I am hoping to go on the 1st of March.
I am looking for movies being show in San Jose.
No, find some other movies. Search for movies being shown in Santa Rosa instead. Any type of movie is fine.
What time can I watch it on March 2nd at 3rd Street Cinema.
I would like to find a movie to watch in Sonoma.
I want to watch a 3d showing of it on the 5th of March.
search for movies shown in SFO
I would like to see it tomorrow
I wanna see Embarcadero Center Cinema and in imax
Could you find films shown in San Ramon for me?
Please look for other films. I would like to watch at The Lot City Center.
Little is the one for me. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch it today.
I want to go to the movies. Is there something in theaters in Newark?
I want to go the 1st of this month.
Around SFO would be good.
Body Double sounds good. What time is it showing on the 15th of March at the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema
Could you help search for movies shown in Livermore?
Could you help find movies of the Adventure genre?
I would like to watch it on the 2nd.
I would like to find the movie at AMC Mercado
In Santa Clara and would like to watch a regular show.
Can you fin another movie.
On Saturday this week.
I have a lot of leisure time and i am going to make use of it. Will you find a movie to watch? Actually i like Drama kind of movies
Is it possible to check for movies shown in Albany? I need to watch a regular show.
Ok Red Joan is perfect. Please tell the time to watch it. I prefer the date is on the 5th
I'd like to go to the AMC NewPark.  Can you tell me what movies are showing in Newark?
I want to see Captain Marvel.  Are tickets available on the 3rd?  I'd rather see it in 3d.
I am in the Santa Clara area.
What time does Hotel Mumbai play at AMC Mercado IMAX?
I want to go see it today.
At the Concord area. I want to watch an Adventure movie at the Veranda Luxe Cinema. 
Sometime on the 6th of this month. 
I've always been interested in edwards fairfield. are there any biographical movies showing?
Can you do a search for any movies in fairfield?
The 2nd of March would be great and if you could book a regular show that would be even better!
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
I'm specifically looking for movies in Fremont. 
I'm interested in Hotel Mumbai, thanks. What are the times this movie is available? I'd like to watch a regular show. 
Tomorrow would be great, thanks. 
I would like to watch a movie in 3d from the Drama movie genre that I like.
Could you find me movies in Menlo Park?
I think I would like to see it on March 9th.
I want to find a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield.
Please search for movies shown in Fairfield.
I want to watch The Curse of La Llorona.  What time is an imax show available on March 1st?
Can you search for movies at Stanford Theatre around Palo Alto?
How about the 5th of this month?
I would like to watch a Biographical movie near Morgan Hill.
No, not now. I want to watch it at regular show times at CineLux Tennant Station. What time can I watch it?
This Sunday.
I like crime movies. Can you search for movies shown in San Francisco?
What times do they have available for me to watch it? I want to watch it This Saturday. I want to watch a Imax Show. 
I want to watch it at Century at Hayward. 
What times could I watch it? Are there any imax shows?
I want to watch it this Saturday.
I really enjoy Biographical movies and was thinking of watching Century at Hayward.
No. I would like to watch it on the 7th, and nothing fancy a regular show please.
Can you find me an IMAX showing of a comedy movie?
Search for movies in the San Francisco Area, specifically at the Balboa Theatre.
I want to watch the movie on 15th of March, are there any timing available on that day?
I'd like to see a Fantasy movie, what is playing at Contra Costa in Martinez?
I was thinking a regular showing on March 8th would be good. 
I was thinking about seeing a 3d movie at the Lark Theater. Can you search for the movies playing in Larkspur right now?
I want to see it Friday next week.
I want to find Animation movies that are 3d showing in Santa Rosa tonight.
Tomorrow please.
I'm looking for a comedy to watch in San Jose at the AMC Saratoga. What movies are available?
I want to go on the 2nd of March.
Hey, could you please find me regular movie tickets for Friday next week at 22:45?
I'd like three tickets, please.
Please search for IT two in Milpitas.
I would like to watch an imax show on the 5th of this month. I want 1 ticket.
I want to watch Hustlers in Livermore at ten in the night.
Can you get me one ticket to the movie Hobbs and Shaw in San Leandro?
Can you find me an imax show on the 6th of this month at night 10:30?
Hey. Can you help me purchase two movie tickets to a showing Wednesday next week in Santa Rosa?
I would like to see a regular showing of Hustlers. Look for something in Livermore around 21:45.
I wish to purchase movie tickets to watch it on Wednesday next week.
I wish to see a 3d show.
I wish to see The Lord of the Rings at evening 6.
I wish to see movies depicted in Livermore and I need one ticket.
Please try again. I wish to see a imax show at 6:15 in the evening.
I'd like 4 tickets to watch the show at nine pm.
I'd like to watch IT2 in imax.
Find me shows for the 8th in Campbell.
I would like 1 ticket to see a 3D movie called Ad Astra.
I would like the 16th of March, in San Francisco at seven pm.
I need to buy it in Pittsburg.
I need the tickets for regular show for the movie Overcomer on 2nd of March.
Buy 1 ticket for the show time night 10.
Can you get me tickets to watch the movie Good Boys on the 9th of this month?
I'd like four tickets to the regular show t half past 9 in the night.
In Santa Rosa please.
Search please some movies shown in Newark on Wednesday next week because I want to buy tickets.
Imax show will be perfect.
Hustlers will be perfect for four people at 22:15.
Please get me tickets to the movie Official Secrets.
I just want one ticket to a regular show on 4th of March.
I need Santa Rosa at 8:15 in the night.
Hi, I'm wanting to see a movie. I want something at 8:30 pm.
Just regular please.
I want IT two. I need 4 for the Brentwood theatre.
I want tickets for March 7th.
I want to watch the regular showing of Ad Astra tonight. I want to watch the showing at night 9 pm-ish
I want to watch on the night of the 16th of March, and I only need one ticket in San Jose
I would like to watch the show at 10:30 pm.
I want one ticket for Saturday this week.
I want to watch a regular show of Angel Has Fallen shown in Concord.
No. I would like to book 2 tickets in Newark.
I would like to buy a movie ticket in San Jose at 11 o"clock in the night.
I want to book three tickets for regular show.
I want to want Angel has fallen on day after tomorrow.
I want to go half past 6 in the evening to see the show.
I want to watch the imax on the 9th to watch The Lord of the Rings three.
I want to watch the movie in Santa Rosa. Can you check there?
I only need 1 ticket for the movie.
I'm looking for two movie tickets for Good Boys.
I want to see the a regular show in Milpitas.
I want to see IT Chapter Two on the 7th of March.
I want to see it at eleven pm.
I'd like to get movie tickets to go watch After The Wedding.
I would like to see a regular show on March 10th in the San Jose area.
I think I'd like to get 1 ticket for the evening 7:30 pm showing.
Please give it a go again and look in San Francisco. I'd like a showing at 6:30 in the evening for Fiddler: A Miracle of Miracles.
I'd like 1 regular movie ticket for a show this Sunday.
I'd like to find a showing of Brittany Runs a Marathon in San Francisco.
I'm interested in 3d shows at 6:45 in the evening. You can search in Palo Alto as well.
No, I'm sorry. I need to make that 2 tickets for March 9th.
Can you find a regular show at around 2:30 in the afternoon?
Find tickets for the movie Farewell.
I'm going on a date so I will need two tickets please.
Can you search for something in Santa Clara on the 1st of march.
I'd like to see an imax show actually.
I'd like to see Chhichhore in Santa Clara. Just one ticket is good.
This would be Tuesday next week.
Yes, I'd like to go at 22:30 if possible.
I need movie tickets for Toy Story Four, now please.
I need it in Union City at 11 in the night. I need four tickets.
Regular, please.
I want today.
Can you try again? But I want Angel Has Fallen at quarter past 10 in the night.
I want three tickets
I need to watch it on 1st of March at night 10:15.
i am interested to watch a regular show
I need to watch 47 Meters Down
Search for movies in San Jose
I will need 2 tickets, please.
I would like 1 ticket for IT Chapter Two in Union City on the 3rd of this month.
I prefer a regular showing. Please get a ticket for the showing at 11 in the night.
Find me movies in San Francisco.
I need just one ticket, and a showing at 21:15 would be perfect.
Yes. I'd like to see This Is Not Berlin.
I'd like just a regular show, and something on the 4th of this month would be best.
Can you find me seats for Once Upon a Time In Hollywood?
I would prefer to see it around 10:30 in the night.
The date would be March 4th, just a regular show is find, some kind of movie around San Ramon would do.
Just two of us.
I would like four tickets to IT2 on March 3rd in Mountain View.
Let's make that a regular showing at 22:45.
Actually, you know what, I changed my mind. I think I want to watch Hustlers in Santa Clara, can you search there please?
I want to catch a night showing, maybe around quarter to 7 in the evening?
It's gonna be 3 of us
I wanna watch IT Chapter Two on the 7th, preferably in Mill Valley
A regular one is fine for us
I'm interested in getting 2 movie tickets please, something for a regular show.
I want to see something on Wednesday next week, around ten pm or so. And I'm in San Rafael.
Yeah, I want to see Hustlers.
Let's try that ticket purchase again please. How about a 10:45 pm imax show?
Whoops, let's make that next Friday instead. And I think I want to go in Santa Clara.
I want 2 tickets at 11 in the night.
I like Brittany Runs a Marathon.
Please find movies shown in Redwood CIty on the 2nd, I want a regular show.
No, please search movies shown in Palo Alto at evening 7:15.
No, I want Stage Door.
I would like to go to a theater in Mill Valley. I only need one ticket.
I was hoping to see IT2. A regular show would be fine.
I am thinking the 2nd of March would be a good day.
Yes, thanks for asking. I would like to visit at 6:45 in the evening.
I'm looking for some 3d movie tickets in San Jose.
I need 1 ticket for a movie at 8:15 pm.
I want to see it on the 5th of March.
I want to watch The Load.
Hey, can you help me get movie tickets to IT Chapter Two.
Only 1 ticket.
I want to go on March 6th. And I'm located in San Jose.
I think an imax showing would be cool. And I want to see it at the evening 7:45. Also can you look for shows on the 1st in San Ramon?
Wait, no. Can I actually do 3d.
I would like to buy a movie ticket in Concord on the 9th for four people.
I would like to watch Hustlers.
I want to watch in a imax show at 9:30 in the night.
I want to go out this evening. How about some tickets to see a movie at quarter past 6 in the evening?
I want to see Luce at Oakland on the 2nd of March.
A regular show would be ok.
Just 1 would be needed.
I want to purchase film tickets to a regular movie. Could you look for films playing in Santa Clara?
I'd like to view it on March 9th.
I desire 1 ticket.
I'd like to see Hustlers.
I'd like to see the film at 11 in the night.
Can you attempt to buy again? I'd like to watch it at Walnut creek on next Tuesday, during night 9:45.
I want to watch The Farewell in 3d
I'm going on a date so I need 2 tickets on Saturday this week in SF
Our date is gonna be at night so maybe at quarter to 7 in the evening?
Can you buy me movie tickets for movie shown in Rohnert Park?
I want 2 tickets for the show on March 1st.
I would like to watch Good Boys.
I would like to watch it at night 9:45.
I prefer imax show.
I need one ticket to a regular show.
I want to see Hustlers in Brentwood at 7:30 pm.
On the 3rd of this month.
Could you try March 4th at 10:30 pm in Santa Clara.
Just 1 ticket please.
Just a regular show, nothing special.
I want to watch Good Boys at 22:00.
Please find movies in Santa Rosa on March 2nd.
I was thinking about going to the cinema, I need three tickets.
A regular show is just fine. The movie is Good Boys and the date is the 5th of this month.
Nine pm.
Brentwood please.
I find boring myself to proceed in my routine life. i need a break so i plan to watch movies. will you buy movie tickets. i like to watch the show at 7 pm.
I like to watch The Lord of the Rings three and i need it on 6th of this month.
I need 1 tickets that should be a imax show.
i need to watch at IT2. Will you search for movies that shown in Mill Valley?
Hi, could you help me find some nice Action movies to watch please?
A show in Danville will be great.
Likely at 6:30 pm.
Four tickets for later today please.
An IMAX show will be great!
Are there any Cartoon movies showing at imax in Union City?
There will be two of us.
If I had my rathers I'd like the tickets for Wednesday next week for a 10:15 in the night showing.
I want to spend my free time by watching a nice Movie like the one with Dramatic Story. Can you find something for me and I want to watch it at Century 20 Oakridge and XD.
Search it in San Jose.
Book the show at ten pm.
Please try for some other time like half past 10 in the night on March 5th for a regular show.
Search for me movies shown in Napa.I would like to watch at Century Napa Valley and XD.
Find me something else.I want to watch a regular show.
At 22:15 will be okay.
Three tickets will be great.
I want four tickets for tomorrow.
I am interested in seeing an Imax show, preferrably a cartoon movie. Would you search for this in Santa Rosa?
I am interested in seeing the movie on the 4th at the quarter to 5 in the evening show and would lke 3 tickets.
Would you please try purchasing the tickets again but for 1 ticket to the quarter past 4 in the evening movie later today?
Can you find me a regular movie show that I can watch in Santa Rosa?
I think After the Wedding would be perfect. Can you get me three tickets for the 4:30 pm show on March 10th?
Can you check whether tickets are available for the show at quarter to 4 in the afternoon on March 7th?
I want to search for the movies in Mountain View.
Make it on 2nd of this month.
Book it for one person at ten in the night.
No, regular show is enough to me.
Find movies in Larkspur. I would like a 3d show.
I'd like to watch it on 7th of this month. I need two tickets.
I want to watch the show at afternoon 3:30
I'd like to find a movie to watch. Would you find me movies in Santa Rosa? A regular show would be good.
Good Boys is excellent. I'd lik to buy four movie tickets for 9:15 pm.
I'd like to watch it on Tuesday next week.
Can you find me a movie to watch at a Regal Jack London theater in Oakland? It should be a regular show.
Reserve 2 tickets for the movie at 21:45 for next Thursday.
I want to find a movie in Campbell.
Can you find some other movies? Find something at the Balboa Theatre in SFO.
A regular show.
I need 2 tickets for the 2:30 pm show on March 10th.
Try Healdsburg please.
A regular show is fine. I need one ticket for 7:45 pm.
Actually can you make that a 3d showing for later today?
Can you start your search by looking for Eccentric Story movies in the San Fran area?
I will need three tickets for the 8:15 pm show if available.
I think we would all much prefer the 3d show.
The March 2nd show I think will be the best option.
Can you find me a movie to watch in Berkeley?
I want to watch the 21:15 imax please
Can you look for movies showing in Healdsburg?
I would like to see an imax show tomorrow and I would like two tickets.
I would like to see the show at half past 8 in the night.
I would liek to watch a Scientific fiction in San Bruno at Century at Tanforan and XD.
I would like two tickets.
I would like to go on the 10th at 11:30 in the night.
I would like a regular show.
Somewhere close to home so I don't have to drive far would be great, start with Brentwood.
I prefer a regular show, playing at 7:45 pm, on the 16th.
It will only be me, so 1 is fine.
Hi, could you get me a regular Imaginative fiction movie in Hayward please?
I will need 3 tickets for the 9:45 pm movie on the 10th of this month.
I want to search for it in San Jose and I would like to prefer a 3D show.
I want to find some other movies and I think Supernatural movies will be perfect for me and search for the one showing at AMC Saratoga.
I want to watch it at 8:30 pm and please buy 2 tickets.
Book it on the 7th.
Please change the date and time to 1st of March at half past 9 in the night.
Also book for 4 tickets.
I'd like to look for a film to view at the raven Film Center. Could you look for a film playing in Healdsburg? I'd like to view a 3d film.
I'd like to view the film on the 2nd of this month.
I'd like to view the show during 5:15 in the evening.
I am interested in going for a movie in mountain view. Can you help in this?
I would like to buy tickets for the movie Ad Astra and want to see it on 10th of this month at 22:00. I need 3 tickets.
Regular show is okay for me.
Can you search for movies in Santa ROsa.
i need 1 tickets.
I need to watch at half past 11 in the morning. i want to watch a regular show.
Can you find me a regular screening of a Supernatural genre movie at AMC NewPark
Can you look in the Newark area?
IT2 is great! Buy me three tickets for the 10:15 in the night showing on the 10th of March
I need it at Century 20 Great Mall and XD, for movies in Milpitas. I want to see Action.
I want it at 10 o"clock in the night on the 2nd of March.
I want a regular one.
I need 2 tickets.
I want to watch it in Dublin.
I need 2 tickets for the movie on Tuesday next week at 11 o"clock in the night.
I like to prefer with regular one.
I would like to watch a regular show at 3rd Street Cinema in Santa Rosa.
I would like to go in the evening 4:45.
I would like to watch it next Thursday.
Will you search for movies shown in Santa Rosa.
Fiddler is the right one. I want to buy movie tickets for 1 ticket.
I'd like to watch a regular show.
I would like to watch the show at 11:15 am on the 9th.
I am looking for a movie to watch at AMC NewPark.
Can you look for the movie in Newark?
47 Meters DOwn: Uncaged sounds great. Can you book me 1 movie ticket for the regular show at two in the afternoon.
I would like to watch it on Sunday this week.
I want to find movies in Palo Alto.
Ladykillers is perfect. Can you buy me some tickets for quarter to 8 in the evening? I want to watch the movie in 3d.
Get me one ticket for March 1st.
Hi, could you help me find a regular show to watch at Roxy Stadium Cinemas in Santa Rosa please?
I need two tickets for the movie at half past 9 in the night.
On the March 3rd please.
Can you help me find movies in El Cerrito?
I'd like to see the movie on Sunday this week at 19:15. A regular show is fine.
I'd like four tickets.
I need to find a movie in Santa Rosa.
I would like to purchase 2 tickets.
No. This Saturday would work better.
Anything in Mill Valley?
Anything at seven in the evening on March 1st. I would like three tickets.
Just a regular show.
I need you to find me movies in San Jose
I prefer Ad Astra and need four tickets
I have to see a regular show movie at 10:30 in the night
I prefer to see it on 16th of this Month
Can you please help me find a 3d family movie shown in San Jose.
Farewell is great. I'm buying tickets for ten pm on 4th of March.
Just one ticket.
I want to search it in San Leandro.
Yes, Overcomer is good and I want to purchase the tickets now. Please buy one ticket on March 7th for the show time at 10:30 pm.
I need to watch a Imax Show. Make it accordingly.
will you find me movies in Hayward?
Please find some other movies, I need to watch movies at CineLux Tennant Station. Will you find movies which are shown in Morgan Hill?
Hobbs and Shaw is Perfect and i like to buy movie tickets. I need to watch it a regular show and the day is on this saturday.
I need to watch the show at 9:30 pm.
i need 3 tickets.
Would you look in San Jose for some movies to see?
Look around for some other movie options, such as a Dramatic story.
See if you can find some other movies in San Rafael please.
I want to get some movie tickets to a 3d show of A Faithful Man. It' sounds great.
I need 3 tickets to see it on the 8th of this month for the evening 6:15 show.
I want to watch a movie at Century 25 Union Landing and XD. I like dramatic story movies.
Look for movies in Union City.
I want 1 ticket to a regular movie on Friday next week.
I want to watch it at quarter to 11 in the night.
I would like a regular drama movie at Regal Crow Canyon.
Please look in San Ramon,
I would like 3 tickets for Hustlers at quarter past 7 in the evening.
On the 3rd of March.
I'm after an Imax film at Century Blackhawk Plaza in Danville can you tell me whats on?
Just one please
Let's look for movies in Oakland.
Let's get three tickets.
I'd like to see the show at night 10 on the 2nd. I'm fine with a regular show.
Hi, could you help me search for some nice Anime movies please?
I'm at home alone and it is awfully quiet, so it's the perfect time to sit back and watch a movie. Can you find me a movie with Michaela Watkins starring in it and preferably directed by Paul Downs Colaizzo?
Are there any movies with actor Josh Gad in them?
I want to find a good film to watch with Duane Whitaker and I want something directed by Quentin Tarantino.
I would like to find a movie to watch in the Imaginative fiction genre.
i want to watch a movie, maybe a thriller directed by Riley Stearns.
I want to watch a movie that Ian Hendry is in.
I saw that already. I would rather see a family genre directed by Herbert Ross.
I'd like to watch a movie directed by Alex Kendrick.
I want to watch a Zoe Bell movie.
Can you find me a nice movie directed by James Gray to watch?
I would like to choose a movie to watch. Can you help me find a movie in the Comic genre with James Corden in it?
It's suppose to be raining all day so I'm cooped up in the house and bored. Can you help find me a movie to watch, preferably one that is classified as a Comic and directed by Nitesh Tiwari?
Okay, let's try something else. How about a movie directed by Gene Stupnitsky instead?
Can you find me a thriller movie directed by Alexander Mackendrick?
I want to watch a McKinley Belcher III movie. I want something directed by Simon Curtis. It should be a drama.
I want to watch a movie staring Daniel Camp and directed by Herbert Ross.
Can you find a movie. I'm interested in a movie by the director Quentin Tarantino.
Let me enjoy movie directed by Nitesh Tiwari, is there any one?
My friend and I want to go see a movie but we can't find one we like. We really want to see a Drama.
Yeah, we already saw that one. Is there anything directed by Hari Sama?
Hey I need help finding a movie please, I like movies by Satoshi Kon.
Find me a movie directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Anything else, preferably something with Eugene Dynarski?
I would like to find an Exotic movie.
Yes, okay,but I need to find some other movies especially the one directed by Jovanka Vuckovic. Do you have something like this in your options?
I'm looking to watch an action movie directed by David Leitch starring Alex King.
Can you help me search for a Horror movie to watch?
I have some leisure time so that i could watch a movie. Will you find me a movie directed by Kirill Mikhanovsky and find something like Comedy-drama genre?
I'd like to find something an Eccentric story movie to watch. What do you recommend?
I like to watch a movie. will you find me a movie which has sterling K. Brown as a actor and it should be directed by Thurop Van Orman
I want to watch a suspense movie directed by Josephine Decker.
Can you help me find a movie to stream in the Play genre?
I wish to see the movie which is directed by David Leitch and acted by Lori Pelenise Tuisano.
I want to see a movie by Peter Jackson that is a Fantasy.
Not interested. Any other movies which are directed by QUentin Tarantino? type of movie should be Cult genre.
Anything else? I like films directed by Steven Spielberg in the Imaginative fiction genre.
What other movies are there? I want something with Conleth Hill in it.
I am in San Jose. Also I want to see a 3D movie.
Yes, please find me some other movies. I want to see something at CineLux Almaden.
March 5th.
I like Horror movies and would also like to see a movie in Concord. Can you search for one there?
I am thinking of going on March 2nd and I would like to see it at Veranda LUXE Cinema.
Make it movies in Santa Clara
I'll see it this Saturday
A friend and I want to see an imax show at CineLux Tennant Station. What movies are out?
What fantasy movies are being shown in Morgan Hill?
No, not right now. What times is it playing on March 2nd?
I'mm interested in seeing an imax movie in Petaluma.
I plan on seeing it on the 2nd of March.
I am currently at Sebastopol, could you find for movies currently showing in this area?
What are the show times available for this movie? Would it be possible on the March 5th for a 3d version of this movie?
I'm in Livermore.
No, not right now. I want to watch it on Tuesday next week, at Livermore Cinema.
I really want to find a movie to watch. I was thinking we could go to an imax show.
What movies are showing in Fremont?
Shazam! sounds great. What time is it showing on the 8th of March?
can you search for movies shown in San Jose.i like Adventure movies.
I like Documentary movies. could you try again?
Can you search for moveis shown SFO. I want to watch at Roxie Theater. Please find some other movies.
I want to watch a regular show. I want to want it on 3rd of this month.
Hey, I'm looking for a movie to watch in Oakland. Is there anything available?
Please find some different movies. Any showing is fine.
March 7th, please.
I'm currently looking at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. I want to watch a movie on a big imax screen. Can you find some good movies in the San Francisco area?
Yeah, Knock Down The House sounds good. When does this movie start? I want to go see it on the 8th of March.
I need to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
Can you find a movie shown in SFO.
I like to watch it on 9th of this month.
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Livermore Cinema.
Are you able to find movies playing at Livermore?
After sounds great! I plan on watching it on the 2nd of this month. Can you tell me what time is the showing?
Could you help me finding a movie to watch in Union City, please?
could you please find me something else, like a scary movie at Century Union Landing?
Curse of La Llorona is perfect. What time can I watch a imax on the 7th
Find me a good flick in SFO.
Nah. Find me something regular.
Keep going. I'm flexible.
On March 1st.
I am in Brentwood, there are a few theaters. What movies are around here?
I don't like those options. Show me imax shows.
CineLux Delta Cinema Saver is the closest theater I think. I want to see it on March 2nd.
I want to find a movie to watch, Can you search for the movies shown in Petaluma?
No, I don't want to purchase now. What time can I watch it? I want to watch a 3d show.
I want to watch is on March 4th. I want to watch at Boulevard Cinema
I need to find a movie to watch in Livermore. I'd like to see an imax show.
Look for something else. Something regular.
Not right now. When is it showing at Vine Cinema?
I'd like to see it on the 2nd of this month.
I'd like to discover a film to watch. Can you search for San Bruno shown films.
How long can I watch it? Every theater is okay.
I'm waiting to see it on 2nd of March .
I live in Walnut Creek.
Not right now? I just want to know showtimes on March 2nd.
Hi. I want to find a comedy movie to watch at Century Oakridge. Can you help me with that?
I'm in San Jose.
No, I don't want to purchase tickets now. But can you tell me when I can see it? I want to see it in 3d next Tuesday.
What movies are showing in San Jose? I really want to go see a movie.
Nah, those aren't what I'm looking for. What imax shows are out?
Oh, sorry. I would like to see it on the 9th of March.
I'm in Union City, can you suggest any movies there?
I want to watch a regular showing on the 5th.
Can you show me movies shown in Morgan Hill.
No, I want to watch it on Sunday this week. What times is it showing?
I want to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
No thanks. I like fantasy movies. Can you now search in Campbell?
On the 2nd.
Im looking to watch a movie that is in 3d.
I want to watch the movie at Boulevard Cinema. Can you find movies that are showing in Petaluma? I enjoy comedy movies.
I would like to watch the movie on the 4th.
Hey, I want to go see a movie. Any theater is cool for me.
I am in Santa Rosa and want the closest theater. What movies are there now?
Find some more options, please. I want to see 3rd Street Cinema.
Yes, The Upside is what I want to see then. What are the showtimes for today?
Brentwood, please. I'd like to watch an Adventure movie at AMC Brentwood.
Not at the moment. I'd like to watch an imax show, what are the available times?
March 2nd, please.
I would like to watch a regular show at the Century at Tanforan. Could you make the search for movies in San Bruno?
The 5th of this month would be perfect.
I am looking for a 3d suspense movie in Santa Clara.
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it showing at AMC Mercado?
the 1st please.
It's movie night! I'm trying to decide what to watch. Can you find movies shown in Sonoma?
I'd like to see it on March 5th.
I'm looking for a movie to watch tonight. My favorites are scary movies.
A theater in Berkeley would be most convenient.
I want to go sometime today. I think the United Artists Berkeley would be the closest to where I am.
Can you find a funny movie for me at AMC Brentwood?
Find a 3d movie in Brentwood.
I want to go later today.
Is there another show time? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
Find movies in Larkspur
Not now, what times are available and any theatre is fine.
1st of this month
I would like to find a 3d movie to watch.
Could you search for movies playing in Union City. Preferably at Century Union Landing.
No, I don't want to buy tickets now. What times are the movies playing? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I haven't seen a new movie a months. Can you find me an Imax show in Campbell to watch?
Can you tell me if it's playing on the 2nd at Pruneyard cinemas?
I'm looking for a Comedy to watch in a theatre today, can you help me pick one?
I'm in Oakland right now.
Not really - can you find some others? I'd like to go to the New Parkway Theater, a regular show, nothing 3D, they make me queasy.
I'm thinking the 7th of this month.
I want to go to the movies. Find me a drama
In Sebastopol
I want to see Hackers on the 7th of this month. What time does it play?
I would like it in San Bruno.
This Saturday at Century at Tanforan.
Search for movies being shown in Newark.
Can you find some other movies at AMC NewPark.
Find some other movies, any type of movie is fine.
What time can I watch the movie on the 2nd?
My friend and I want to watch a movie at Century Daly City
I am in Daly City - can you find Adventure movies for us?
Shazam! sounds good! What times are available on the 4th of March?
I want to watch a imax show for movies in Fremont.And I want to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
I like adventure movies.Please find some other movies.
Shazam! is perfect.I want to watch it on Friday next week . What time can I watch it?
I am in Vallejo
I want to watch Captain Marvel. What time do they have available
I want to watch on March 2nd
I'm on Oakland. Can you show me movies from here?
I changed my mind. Can you show me regular shows?
It's not necessary to buy now. What time on March 1st can I watch it?
Please look for a movie in Emeryville.
Yes, Teen Spirit would be great. What time is an imax showing playing?
I want to see the movie on the 1st of this month please.
San Francisco.
On the 15th.
My friend and I are looking to watch a movie later. Can you find movies in Walnut Creek?
We would like to see Little. Is there any times available for Tuesday next week?
Please can you look for some good movies in Santa Rosa of Sonoma County?
Not exactly for the debut movies but might for the latest one. Please can you suggest some other movies? If you can find the one shown in Oakland, that would be perfect.
Nope, I would like to watch Funny movies especially a imax show. Please can you find any such movies?
I will be available on March 9th. That day would work.
in Pleasant Hill, Is there any nice movie you can find here?
Yes, I need to clarify, at what time, I can watch this movie on 2nd of this month.
I'm in Brentwood
Long Shot sounds perfect. What are the show times? I would like to watch a 3d show.
I prefer the 1st of March.
I am looking for a movie to watch. Can you find movies that are showing in Morgan Hill?
Please look for other movies. Are you able to do a search for movies in Emeryville? I would like to see something in IMax.
Teen Spirit will be perfect. What time will I be able to watch it? I would like to see it at AMC Bay Street?
I would like to see it today?
Can you search around Sebastopol?
Can I have some more options? And can you search in Union City?
9th of March.
I'm in Berkeley. Any good movies here?
I would like to go today.
I'd like to see a movie at Century Rowland Plaza.
I'd like to see an imax movie in Novato.
I'd like to see it on March 1st.
Can you search in Brentwood.
Please find some other movies in San Ramon. Any theatre is fine.
I want to watch 3d show, pls find other movies
No. I want to watch on 2nd of March. What time can i watch?
Can you find me a movie to watch at CineLux Tennant Station
Look for movies in Morgan Hill
Captain Marvel sounds perf. What Time can I watch? I want a regular show time
On march 7th.
I'd like to a show. Can you help me find a 3d movie near me?
I'm in Cloverdale.
I'd like to see it on the 2nd.
I feel like watching a movie. What's available in San Jose?
Can you search for other ones? Something at CineLux Almaden.
The Curse of La Llorona is great. What time is it available in March 5th?
This week, I have a lot to do and meeting to attend. I think I'll deserve some time to relax and watch a movie, something I could really use your help choosing. I want to see a Non-fiction movie that I can watch on imax. You have any ideas for me?
Please recommend a movie that's showing in San Bruno.
Please set the date for the 8th of March.
I want to find movies in San Ramon.
I want to see it on Saturday this week.
What's the address for Cinelux Tennant Station?
Do you know which movies are showing in Morgan Hill?
Is there a imax show nearby?
March 2nd is perfect for me.
I want to watch a movie in San Francisco.
Find some comic movies. I want to watch at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
I want to watch tomorrow.
Look for movies shown in SFO.
I want to watch it at Embarcadero Center Cinema on the 2nd of this month.
A fun movie is on the agenda for our upcoming family night out. It's kind of a big deal because we're still celebrating graduation, and we want to see a movie that's 3d, lighthearted and rated for all ages. What's your take on a movie recommendation, please?
How about a search in San Ramon. Any kind of movie is fine, just as long as it's fun.
Okay, I expect we'll go see the movie on the 5th at THE LOT City Center.
I want movies shown in Union City.
I prefer tomorrow at Century Union Landing. Whatever type of show is absolutely fine.
Search for movies in SFO please.
Can you find some other movies? I like the War genre.
Aftermath sounds great! What are the showtimes for IMAX showings?
I want to see it on the 1st.
Can you help me find movies in Oakland?
I'd like to see it at New Parkway Theater on the 10th of March.
It will be fine in SFO
Try some other particularly in Vallejo, imax show.
On 2nd of March.
Yeah, I have changed the date to March 1st and at Century Vallejo.
Find theaters playing 3D movies in San Jose.
Find Drama movies on imax.
This Saturday.
I am going to watch a movie at the Piedmont Theatre
Have you tried searching for movies in Oakland
I will purchase a ticket later what time will be good so I can watch a imax show
How about the 7th of March
What are some flicks in Oakland?
Dr. Strangelove sounds good. I don't care about the theater, but what times are available?
I'd like to catch it on the 10th.
Search for movies only shown in Vacaville.
Try to find movies shown in Albany.
On the 5th at Albany Twin will be good.
Please find a movie in San Francisco.
Please check the showtimes for this Saturday.
Is it on at any other times? I'd actually like to go to the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
I need the movies being shown in Brentwood.
No, something else. An imax show is what I am looking for.
I am planning to watch it on March 2nd.
Search for movies at Menlo Park.
I would like to see it March 9th.
Is it available at another time? How about on March 4th?
Find movies in SF.
I want a 3D showing, on March 2nd, at the Vogue Theatre.
I wish to see a move at AMC NewPark.
Kindly find a movie in Newark.
Could you please search for some other movies? I wish to see a Fantasy movie at imax show.
I wish to see it on the 1st.
Can you search a comic movie for me?
I am in Santa Clara, can you search here?
search for March 11th.
I would like to watch a horror movie.
Search for movies in San Jose area
Tuesday next week would be best
Can you find movies in Martinez?
The 9th of this month and I would like a regular show.
I would like to go to Vine Cinema in Livermore.
I would like to watch it on the 3rd.
I would like to search for movies in Santa Rosa, please.
I would like to watch the movie at any theater today.
I want movies in Vacaville.
Not right now. What time can I see the show? I want to watch a regular show.
I want to watch it tomorrow.
I'd like to find a movie to watch at Century San Francisco Centre.
Help me find movies showing in San Francisco.
How about next Thursday?
In Vacaville please
No I want something else. What's playing in San Bruno. I don't care which theater.
On the 2nd of this month. Does it come in imax?
The Redwood City
the Century Redwood city the March 1st
San Rafael, please. I'd like to see a Drama movie.
March 1st, please.
Can you search Larkspur for Drama movies?
Lets go see Transit, What time is it? Ill go to any theater.
Next Tuesday is when i want to see it.
I want to find a movie to watch at AMC Saratoga.
Search for 3d movies in San Jose.
Please find movies in Union City.
Could you find some other movies? I prefer Adventure movies.
I wish to see it on March 4th.
Are there any good movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I would like to see it on March 2nd in a 3d showing.
I feel like going to the movies. I'd like to go see a 3d movie at Guild Theatre.
Can you look for films which are playing in Menlo Park?
Red Joan sounds great. What time is it playing on March 9th?
Search for movies playing right now in Napa.
Let's go with Sunday this week.
Comedy movies are my favorites.Search for me movies shown in SF .I would love to watch a imax show.
I want to watch at Century San Francisco Centre the movie Missing Link .At what time can it be?
I would like to be on 1st of this month.
I would like to see a movie in Santa Rosa.
Dumbo would be great, what are the playing times on March 1st at any theater.
I'm looking for movies in Santa Clara.
What time is the movie showing at AMC Mercado?
Wednesday next week.
I am in Oakland, so can you find me any nearby movies?
I am interested in seeing something else, preferably at the Regal Jack London.
The Best of Enemies sounds good to watch, can you tell me 3d showtimes for Saturday this week?
I'd like to watch a movie at THE LOT City Center.
Look for movies plating San Ramon.
I'm looking forward to seeing it on the 1st.
Can you find movies in Albany?
Next Tuesday please.
I would like to go to an Imax movie, can you find me a Comedy to watch?
I'm located in Oakland.
Gloria Bell would be good - I'd like to see it on the 9th of this month, what time does it start at?
I want to find a movie to watch at Century Walnut Creek.
Can you search for movies shown in Walnut Creek? I'd like to watch a regular show.
No, not now. What are the viewing times and dates? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I would like to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
I would like to watch it on the 1st of March.
I'm in Santa Rosa. I'm in the mood for a fantasy movie.
I want to go on 6th of March, to a regular show at 3rd Street cinema.
I'm in San Francisco. What's available?
No, I want something else please. Any theater will do.
Please find something else. I'm interested in drama movies. Are there any regular showings available?
I am looking for showtimes on the 17th.
I want to see a movie in San Bruno. What's available?
No, what else is there? I want to see a regular show.
What time is it? I want to go to Century at Tanforan.
I'd like to go on the 1st.
I want to watch a movie in SF
I want Horror movies
I am available to watch on 7th of this month
Can you search movies in San Ramon.
I would like Scary movies. I would like to watch THE LOT City Center.
Can you find some other movies, I like all kinds.
I would like to see Little. I would like to watch it on March 1st.
I like Biographical movies, can you search for movies shown in Vallejo? I want to watch a 3d show.
Monday next week would be superb. I'd prefer to see it at Century Vallejo
What's showing in San Jose?
What time is it showing at CineLux Almaden?
I am available on the 3rd.
I would like to go to a movie in San Ramon. Can you tell me what movies are playing?
The 9th is the date I am looking to watch it.
Can you do a search for me? I'm looking for 3d movies in San Jose.
I'm in San Ramon, please find a movie there.
No, I don't need tickets right away. What time is their imax showing?
Please check the 9th of this month.
Find me movies in Union City.
I'd like to watch it on the 7th of March.
I'd like to see an imax show at Century at Pacific Commons. I want to watch it.
Can you check for a movie in Fremont?
When can I see it on the 8th of March?
Please look for movies in SFO.
Please find some other options in imax.
What time is the showtimes on March 1st?
Can you find all movies in Pleasant Hill?
On the 2nd of this month, I want to watch a 3d movie. Can you tell me what 3d movies are playing near me?
Hey, they got any Fantasy movies playing at THE LOT City Center?
Look in San Ramon.
The 1st of this month. Look for the 3d version.
I want to watch movie. Any kind of movie works for me.
Can you find movies playing in Martinez.
Missing Link is great! What time I see it? I want to see it on the 1st of March at Contra Costa.
Can you find me movies shown in Emeryville
Please find some more movies. I would like to watch at AMC Bay Street for a 3d show.
Pet Sematary is so good. What time can I watch it? My preferred date is March 8th.
Could you try once? I wanna watch it on Saturday this week.
Find me a regular movie to watch.
I am in Concord.
I want to see it on March 1st.
I want to find a movie to watch. I want to watch a regular show.
Can you search for movies shown in SF.
I want to watch it on 2nd of March.
My husband and I want to watch a 3d movie. Where is the closest place?
I'm in San Jose. Can you look around there?
No, Sunday this week when we have a babysitter. We want the CineLux Almaden.
I would love to see a 3d show in Menlo Park.Can you help me find one?
It will be great to watch at Guild Theatre,tell me please at what time can I watch it.
In 9th of this month it will be great for me.
I wish to watch a movies shown in Morgan Hill. So Find it in that place.
No, Not at all. Please search for other movies. Will you search for movies shown in Union City and I like to watch at Century Union Landing location.
No, Not interested . Find some other movies, will you find me 3d movies
At what time i shall able to watch that movie? Whether i could able to watch it on 2nd of this month.
Can you find me a 3D movie to watch?
Please find me movies in Brentwood.
I don't like those. Show me movies in Pleasant Hill.
I'd like to see it on 2nd of March.
I am in Antioch, can you search for nearby movies?
I am more interested in fantasy movies, can you give me movie recommendations for the AMC Deer Valley?
I want to see the movie on the 4th of this month.
Can you search a movie shown in Palo Alto? I want to watch a movie.
Pillow Talk sounds good. What time is the movie?
I am planning to watch a regular show on 5th of this month.
I am looking for a movie in Alameda.
Give me some more choices please Check the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex for an imax show.
Next Friday would be perfect for me.
I really want to watch a Fantasy movie. Is there anything available?
I'm in Campbell. I'd like to go to Pruneyard Cinemas.
I want to watch the imax show next Friday.
Please search for movies showing in Mill Valley.
Please find out the screening times for 3d shows.
Yes, I'd love to watch it later today.
I am planning to catch a movie with my friend later. Can you recommend a 3d movie?
I want to know what movies are showing in Emeryville. I am particularly interested in movies of the Thriller genre.
I would like to catch the movie on 8th of March. Can you find me the screen times for this show on that date?
Can you find me a 3d show at the Guild Theatre at Menlo Park?
Red Joan will work. what times are avaliable for the 9th of this month.
Can you tell me what movies are playing at Century Cinemas?
In San Leandro. I'd like to watch the 3d show.
Breakthrough sound great! I'd like to watch it on the 2nd. What time is it playing?
Can you look for movies in Livermore?
No thanks. I like adventure movies and I want to watch an Imax show.
2nd of March.
How about Friday next week at Livermore Cinema?
I want to watch a 3d movice in Emeryville.
I want to watch the movie on the 8th at AMC Bay Street.
Hi, I would like to search for movies currently shown at Albany Twin.
I would prefer movies shown in Albany.
Not yet, what are the available time slots for this movie next Tuesday?
Can you find me a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield?
Sure. Search any kind of movies in Fairfield.
I'd particularly like a 3d movie.
No, not at this moment? At what time is it screening? I'd like to go on the 1st of this month.
Can you help me search for movies that are playing in Emeryville?
I like Comedy movies, can you please help me find one?
Missing Link is perfect. What time would I be able to watch it? I would like to watch it on the 8th of this month.
I want to watch something in Imax in San Francisco
I don't really like any of those. How about some Drama films? I want to watch it at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
The Mustang sounds good. What are the times if I want to watch it Wednesday next week?
I want to find a movie to watch. I like comic movies. I want to watch at Century Napa Valley.
I want to watch a 3D show. Can you search for movies in Napa?
I want to watch it on the 1st of March.
I am interested in watching adventure movies in imax show.
I want you to have a search for movies which are shown in walnut creek
I feel Shazam is good for me and i want to watch it in Century Walnut Creek and what is the show time?
I am interested in watching the movie on Monday next week.
I want to watch in San Ramon
On 2nd of this month.
Can you search for movies in San Jose.
I want to watch 3 Below Theaters and lounge.
Mary Magdalene is good I would like to watch it this Saturday a imax show.
Check what's playing in Union City please.
I wanted to go to the movies next Thursday.
Look for movies in San Jose.
No, can you find an imax show in Concord?
I want to see it on Wednesday next week.
I'm looking for something to do with my evening. What movies are showing in San Jose?
I'm thinking today at the AMC Eastridge.
I want to watch a movie in Union City.
I want to watch a Scary movie in imax.
I want to see it on March 7th.
I want to watch a movie that's been shown in Fairfield.
No.I'll buy tickets later. Can you find a 3d show?
The 1st of this month.
San Jose, so search for movies there.
Actually, Breakthrough sounds great. I want to see it on the 3rd so what times is it playing then?
Can you find me a movie? I'm in the mood for action
In Oakland please
The day after tomorrow please
I want to watch a Rom-com movie.
I am looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
I want to go on the 1st.
I'm looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
No. What's showing at Summerfield Cinemas?
I'm looking for an imax show this Saturday.
I'm in Oakland.
I wanna watch it on 1st of this month.
I want to see it at Century Union Landing. What movies are playing in Union City?
I'd like to see it on Saturday this week.
I want the see the 3d version on the 1st of this month. Is it showing then?
I want to watch a movie at AMC Bay Street
Searc in Emeryville, please
Yes, I want to watch a imax show: what time is it?
On later today
I think that I want to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
Does SF have any movies showing?
I think we should do Suburban Birds. I think I want something regular on the 17th. Do you have any times?
Can you look for movies in SF.
Can you please look for some other movies, I'd like to see an imax show.
Can you find some other movies I'd like to go see them at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. Any kind of movie will do.
Oh yeah, what time is the movie? I'd like to watch it on the 8th?
I like Ghost movies. Search for movies in San Jose.
I want to see it Tuesday next week
Can you tell me which movies are playing at Lark Theater, please. I'd like to find a good one to watch.
Search for movies in Larkspur.
Shine a light sounds perfect. When is it screening? Any show type is OK.
I'd like the 1st of March, if possible.
I would like to see a movie in San Ramon.
I am more in to adventure movies. Could you look for some different movies. Also, I would like to watch at THE LOT City Center.
I would like to watch the regular showing next Monday. What time do they have available, then?
I would like to see a thriller movie located in Brentwood.
What are the show times at AMC Brentwood?
Definitely on March 5th. Is it available
Can you show me movies in San Jose.
No they don't sound like my cup of tea. What about a 3d film.
I want to go next Friday.
Would you look for theaters around Emeryville? That's where we're eating.
I'd like to see something at the AMC Bay Street. Preferably a comic book-type movie. If you can find one of those, that would be great!
I forgot. I wanted to see it on Imax and March 8th would be the date.
Please search for movies in downtown San Fran.
I want to know when I can go see that movies. What are the regular show times?
I would like to see this movie on the 2nd.
Can you tell me what's on in San Francisco.
What time is it playing on 3rd of March.
I want to find an imax movie to watch later tonight.
I am located near Hillsborough.
I'd like to try and watch it on the 1st of March.
San Jose. I want to watch a regular show.
No, something else, in 3D, please.
On the 3rd.
I like Life history movies and want to find a movie to watch. I would like to watch Century at Hayward.
Please find movies in Hayward.
Breakthrough sounds great. What time is it available to watch? I am interested in a regular show.
I want to see it on the 7th.
I would like to watch a 3d movie.
I would like movies in Petaluma.
No not at present. What time is it on? I am interested in showing on the 4th at Boulevard Cinema.
I would like hear about movies being played in Brentwood.
No not right now, can I have the show times and can you look for the movie in 3d?
I would like to watch a imax show on the 2nd of this month.
I feel like being spooked out. Can you help me find some scary movies?
Please look for movies showing in Campbell.
The Curse of La Llorona works good for me. What time is it showing? I'd like to go on the 9th.
I want to find a comedy movie. Search for movies now showing in Oakland.
Let's try something else. I want a regular show. Something like a Biographical movie.
No, not right now. What time does it play? I also want to watch Regal Jack London next Friday.
I want to watch a movie, can you search for movies shown in San Jose.
I want to go on the 11th, at 3 Below Theaters And Lounge.
Can you find for movies shown in Santa Clara.
I like to watch imax show on 1st of March.
I wanna go to the cinema. I don't mind the theatre.
Can you search movies in San Francisco?
Dumbo is perfect. What time can I watch it? I'd like to watch it on March 3rd.
Can you search for movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I would like to see After. Any type of show is fine. What times is it showing?
I'd like to see it on the 1st of this month.
Search for Fantasy movies in San Jose.
No, I don't want to buy the ticket right now. Can you find me the timing of the movie on March 1st at Cinemark?
What are some movies playing in Emeryville right now?
On the 4th of this month.
Give me a 3d show.
I am in Petaluma.
What times are available on the 2nd of this month at Boulevard Cinema.
I'm in San Francisco. Try searching for movies shown there.
Can you find some other movies? I want to watch one at an imax show in the AMC Metreon nearby.
March 2nd would be nice.
I am in San Francisco, can you search for movies in this city?
Can you give me more movie recommendations, I want to see an IMAX show and I do like seeing comic movies.
At what time can I watch the movie, if I plan on seeing it on the 1st of this month?
I would like to find movies shown in Moraga tonight.
Lets watch it on the 2nd of this month and right now I will watch a regular T.V. show.
What movies are being shown in Healdsburg?
I want to see it 1st of March, in imax, at Raven Film center.
I wish to search for a movie at Tiburon Playhouse.
Could you please find the movie in Tiburon?
I wish to see it on the 9th.
Can you find me a movie shown in Vallejo
Can you search regular show movies shown in Santa Clara
Any other movies available?
Long shot sounds great. I want to watch on the 11th at AMC Mercado
I want to watch a movie in Larkspur. I want to watch some Horror movies.
What are the showtimes for the 1st of March?
I'm in Redwood City. Are there any Adventure movies playing at Century Redwood City?
On March 4th.
I'm looking for a movie at CineLux Tennant Station.
Something in Adventure at Morgan Hill, a regular show.
Shazam sounds good, what times are there for Monday next week?
Look in Santa Rosa.
What time is After playing later today?
I'm looking for a movie to see preferably in Livermore.
I'd like to see High Life. I'd like to see a 3d show. What time could I see it?
The day after tomorrow.
Find movies in the Santa Rosa area please.
Eh, I kind of want to watching something a little more regular. Can you find what is playing at the Airport Stadium Cinemas?
I plan on going to the theater Friday next week.
Find me please a movie to watch at Airport Stadium Cinemas
In Santa Rosa search me please.
It will be perfect for me to watch on next Friday.
Hey, I want a movie. Find me one in San Ramon, please. A good one this time!
Cool, but find some other ones too please. I love Adventure movies.
Yeah, I heard of that one! I want to see Shazam then. What showtimes are there today? Actually I'm free on the 2nd.
I prefer Union City.
Can you find some other choices? I prefer an adventure movie at Century Union Landing.
I would like to see it at an imax show on March 4th.
Please find me a non-fiction movie at the Roxie Theater.
Please search in the San Francisco area.
No. That's ok. I'm interested in the time for a regular show.
Let's try the day after tomorrow.
Can you help me find an adventure movie showing in concord?
I'd like to go watch it next wednesday.
I'm looking for a 3d movie in Brentwood.
No. Also, you can look at any theatre.
On the 7th.
I'm really bored. Can you find me a movie to watch in Union City?
Hotel Mumbai! Yes! Will there be a showing at Century Union Landing?
I am looking for movies in San Ramon.
I am not interested in those, are there any Adventure movies?
What are the schedules for the movie on the 2nd of March?
I wanna find a movie to watch. Can you search for movies in Alameda?
Nope, not now. What time can I watch it? I wanna watch it at Alameda Theatre & Cineplex. Any type of show is fine.
I wanna watch it on the 1st.
I want to watch a Suspense movie at Century Cinemas.
Century Cinemas is in San Leandro.
I want to go on March 3rd.
Yes. Search in San Bruno.
I want to want at Century at Tanforan, find some other movies.
I want to watch on 1st of this month.
Can you check for a regular showing of a horror movie in Redwood City.
Please check the 1st of this month.
Can you help me find a Comic movie?
I also like drama movies. Can you find a movie in Sebastopol?
Can you find other movies? I want to see an IMAX movie at Rialto Cinemas.
March 1st.
Life is very enthuastic and energitic , i need to enjoy it almost every moment in my life. Will you find a movie to watch? Any type of movies is opt for me.
Find movies in San Francisco area?
I want it on Saturday this week.
whether any other time is available and i need to watch a imax show and need to watch at Embarcadero Center Cinema.
Can you help me find Biographical movies to watch? It's been a while since I've seen one in the theatre.
I'm looking for movies in Morgan Hill.
Breakthrough is perfect. Are there any times for the 3rd?
Can you try March 1st at CineLux Tennant Station?
Can you find me an Imax movie Show?
search for me in Sebastopol.
make a search for 1st of this month.
Find me a movie in Santa Clara.
I'm planning on going to see it on the 4th of this month, as I have off from work. I'm hoping to catch the imax show at AMC Mercado.
I want to watch a a imax movie. I love the Ghost movies.
Show me movies for Mountain View.
Tomorrow at Century Cinema
I'm searching for movies to watch. I prefer Drama movies
Could you search for movies in Menlo Park.
What time can I see it? I want to watch on the 9th and a 3d show.
Pleasant Hill.
Anything else? I am looking for Scary movies.
Curse of La Llorona sounds great. Is it playing on 6th of March?
I'd like to see the movie in Union City, and I'd like it to be a Thriller movie.
I'd like to see it on March 2nd, and I want it to be a 3d show.
Somewhere in San Fran.
Tell me what is showing at the CineLux Tennant Station in Morgan Hill.
Not right now. What times are available. I'd liek to see it in Imax if possible.
On the 1st of March.
Can you search for movies shown in Sonoma?
I want to watch the movie on 9th of this month, can you tell me the timing?
Can you find movies being shown in Vallejo?
Do you know the time I can watch it? I want it to be an imax show.
Probably later today.
Make it San Bruno
No. Maybe look at the Century at Tanforan
I'll go on March 1st, a regular screening
What are some movies I can watch in Hayward?
What time can I watch it on Wednesday next week?
I'm looking for a movie to watch at THE LOT City Center.
I'm in San Ramon, so search for movies near there.
I'm not interested in any of those, can search some more. And I want to watch the movie in imax.
No, don't get me tickets. But can you tell me what time I can see it. I want to see it on March 1st?
I am looking for a regular movie to watch.
Search for Morgan Hill.
March 1st please.
I will have some free time coming up and am thinking I might go see a movie. What movies are showing in Alameda at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
No, are there any adventure movies showing in 3d?
I will probably be going on the 2nd.
I love adventure movies a lot and I want to see one of those. Can you find me a movie like that in San Jose? Preferably IMAX too, please.
I want to watch it on the 1st of this month. Are there any good showtimes at AMC Saratoga?
Look for movies shown in Martinez
Find other movies and any type of show
I want to watch it today
I want to find a Suspense movie to watch in Moraga.
Not right now. What time can I watch it at Rheem Theatre?
I want to see it on the 2nd.
Please search for movies showing at the Pruneyard Cinemas in Campbell.
What time can I watch an imax show?
March 2nd would be perfect.
I want to find a 3d movie.
I'll be in Brentwood. Could you look for movies there?
We'll be ready to watch it on the 1st of March.
I enjoy documentary movies. Are you able to look for movies showing in Morgan Hill?
No, not right now. What is the time that I can see it? I want to see it on the 3rd.
I live in San Bruno.
I would love to see Dumbo! Can I see it this Saturday?
I'd like to find a movie to watch. I like all movies.
Can you help me find movies showing in Newark?
I'd like to watch it on the 5th.
I'd like to go somewhere in Oakland.
I'd like something else. I forgot to mention but I'm into Comic movies.
I'd like to go on the 7th.
Please can you look for a good movie to watch for this week end, might be in San Jose?
Do you mean the adventurous movies? Nope, Please find something else for I like all kinds if its good to watch.
Yup, Little would be perfect. What time is the show? Do they have 3d shows? Will tickets be available to watch at CineLux Almaden?
Probably, on March 8th.
Hello, could you help me find a movie currently showing in Oakland?
What are the showtimes for this movie at New Parkway Theater?
I would like to watch it on 5th of March.
I want to go out to watch a movie in San Francisco, can you search for options?
Please keep searching. I'd like to see a drama at the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
Red Joan is perfect! What time can I see a 3d show on March 5th?
I would like to see a movie at the AMC Bay Street.
Please search for movies in Emeryville.
No. Please search for a Comic imax show.
I would like to watch the movie Friday next week.
I'd like to watch a movie at Reading Cinemas Rohnert Park.
I'm in Rohnert Park. Please find me a scary movie.
No, not at the moment. What are the available times for March 1st?
My brother and I want to go see an adventure movie, can you help find one?
Alameda is a good half way point between my brother and I , let's search there.
What time is the movie playing at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
How about tomorrow.
find me a movie to watch please. Any show will work
please search Mill Valley for movies.
How about on the 1st.
Santa Rosa. Any good movies around here?
What time is After playing? I would like to see a regular show at Roxy Stadium Cinemas.
Preferably, the 1st of this month.
Its Santa Clara, so please search for movies nearby.
Is there anything else, any type of movie will do.
I want to watch it at AMC Mercado, on the 4th of this month.
Search for movies in Vallejo.
the 2nd of this month.
Look for movies in San Fran.
What else is there? I want to see an imax movie.
The 1st of this month at Presidio Theatre.
Please search for movies in San Francisco.
I want to watch something different like a 3D show. And I want to see it at Century San Francisco Centre.
How about Thursday next week.
I am in San Francisco.
I want another movie. Any theater in Moraga is fine.
I want to see it tomorrow.
Is there another time? I want to see it on the 5th of this month.
I am feeling bored. Is there any Fantasy movies laying?
I want to see the movie in San Fran.
I would like to see it on the 9th of this month.
I want to go out in Petaluma, can you see what movies there are?
Can you see what else there is? I'm in the mood for adventure films. Can you look at Boulevard Cinema?
The 4th of this month
I'm in San Jose, please find me a movie to watch around here.
Breakthrough sounds great, thanks. I'd like to see it in 3D, when is it on?
On the 3rd of this month, if possible.
I'd like to look for a film to watch. I like adventure films.
Could you look for films shown in Napa?
I'd love Captain Marvel. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch a regular show.
I'd like to watch it on the day after tomorrow.
I'm in Larkspur.
No, not yet. But what time will I be able to watch a regular show?
I want to watch it on March 7th.
I prefer movies shown in Santa Rosa.
No thank you. Can you search for movies showing at Century at Tanforan in San Bruno.
Can you please list other movies? I'd prefer a regular show.
On the 5th please.
I want all kinds of movies
Find movies in San Leandro
I wanna watch at the Century Cinemas
I wanna see it on the 2nd
I feel good right now and would like to watch a movie. Can you search for movies shown in San Bruno?
Can you search for another one? I would like to watch Century at Tanforan.
What time is the movie available on Tuesday next week?
I want a 3d movie to watch.
Can you search in San Jose?
Find something else. Can you show what is on in Union City?
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it on? I want to watch at Century Union Landing.
I want to see it this Saturday.
Find me movies showing around Brentwood.
Find me some other movies showing at AMC Brentwood.
What's the showtime for Pet Sematary on next Tuesday?
Can you search for movies in Santa Rosa.
Please find some other movies at Airport Stadium Cinemas.
I want to watch 3d show on 1st of March
I want to see a movie in San Fran.
I'd prefer something else, in Menlo Park, any theater.
The 9th of March.
Look in Morgan Hill.
What time later today is Pet Sematary playing?
My friends came to my house and i am in joyful mood .will you find any adventure movies to watch along with my friends?
find any movies which is shown in Daly City?
Can you tell me the time i shall able to watch that movie on 4th of March at Century Daly City?
I would like to watch a regular show. Please search in San Jose.
I would like to know what time it's playing at the West Wind Capitol Drive-in?
Look up for 1st of March please.
I want to watch a movie at Sonoma Cinema.
I want to find movies in Sonoma.
Are there any other movies? I want to watch something in 3d.
Shazam! sounds great! I want to watch in Tuesday next week. What times are there?
I want to go out to watch a movie, can you find me some good shows in Pleasant Hill?
I like the sound of The Curse of La Llorona. What time can I watch it if I want to see a regular show at Century Downtown?
I want to watch it on 6th of this month.
Find me movies in Morgan Hill.
Find me something else like a regular show.
No, now right now. I want to see it at CineLux Tennant Station on the 4th of this month. What time is it playing then?
Show me movies in Santa Clara. I would prefer a regular show.
I think Dumbo sounds great. What are the timings for it and I want to see it on the 1st.
I'd like a location in San Ramon.
I'd like a Ghost movie. Can you find anything else?
Do you know screening times for this movie for Saturday this week.
Any other showtimes? I'd prefer watching it in 3d at Regal Crow Canyon.
Could you look in Union City?
It will be on the 7th of this month.
I am in Alameda.
March 2nd please.
I would like to see a Fantasy movie.
I want to see a movie in Mountain View.
I would like to see Dumbo. What time is it showing at ShowPlace ICON?
Any time on the 1st of March
My friend and I are looking for a movie to go to. What movies are showing in San Rafael?
Actually, what time is the movie. I want to see it in an imax theater.
I am hoping to go on the 1st of March.
I am looking for movies being show in San Jose.
No, find some other movies. Search for movies being shown in Santa Rosa instead. Any type of movie is fine.
What time can I watch it on March 2nd at 3rd Street Cinema.
I would like to find a movie to watch in Sonoma.
I want to watch a 3d showing of it on the 5th of March.
search for movies shown in SFO
I would like to see it tomorrow
I wanna see Embarcadero Center Cinema and in imax
Could you find films shown in San Ramon for me?
Please look for other films. I would like to watch at The Lot City Center.
Little is the one for me. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch it today.
I want to go to the movies. Is there something in theaters in Newark?
I want to go the 1st of this month.
Around SFO would be good.
Body Double sounds good. What time is it showing on the 15th of March at the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema
Could you help search for movies shown in Livermore?
Could you help find movies of the Adventure genre?
I would like to watch it on the 2nd.
I would like to find the movie at AMC Mercado
In Santa Clara and would like to watch a regular show.
Can you fin another movie.
On Saturday this week.
I have a lot of leisure time and i am going to make use of it. Will you find a movie to watch? Actually i like Drama kind of movies
Is it possible to check for movies shown in Albany? I need to watch a regular show.
Ok Red Joan is perfect. Please tell the time to watch it. I prefer the date is on the 5th
I'd like to go to the AMC NewPark.  Can you tell me what movies are showing in Newark?
I want to see Captain Marvel.  Are tickets available on the 3rd?  I'd rather see it in 3d.
I am in the Santa Clara area.
What time does Hotel Mumbai play at AMC Mercado IMAX?
I want to go see it today.
At the Concord area. I want to watch an Adventure movie at the Veranda Luxe Cinema. 
Sometime on the 6th of this month. 
I've always been interested in edwards fairfield. are there any biographical movies showing?
Can you do a search for any movies in fairfield?
The 2nd of March would be great and if you could book a regular show that would be even better!
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
I'm specifically looking for movies in Fremont. 
I'm interested in Hotel Mumbai, thanks. What are the times this movie is available? I'd like to watch a regular show. 
Tomorrow would be great, thanks. 
I would like to watch a movie in 3d from the Drama movie genre that I like.
Could you find me movies in Menlo Park?
I think I would like to see it on March 9th.
I want to find a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield.
Please search for movies shown in Fairfield.
I want to watch The Curse of La Llorona.  What time is an imax show available on March 1st?
Can you search for movies at Stanford Theatre around Palo Alto?
How about the 5th of this month?
I would like to watch a Biographical movie near Morgan Hill.
No, not now. I want to watch it at regular show times at CineLux Tennant Station. What time can I watch it?
This Sunday.
I like crime movies. Can you search for movies shown in San Francisco?
What times do they have available for me to watch it? I want to watch it This Saturday. I want to watch a Imax Show. 
I want to watch it at Century at Hayward. 
What times could I watch it? Are there any imax shows?
I want to watch it this Saturday.
I really enjoy Biographical movies and was thinking of watching Century at Hayward.
No. I would like to watch it on the 7th, and nothing fancy a regular show please.
Can you find me an IMAX showing of a comedy movie?
Search for movies in the San Francisco Area, specifically at the Balboa Theatre.
I want to watch the movie on 15th of March, are there any timing available on that day?
I'd like to see a Fantasy movie, what is playing at Contra Costa in Martinez?
I was thinking a regular showing on March 8th would be good. 
I was thinking about seeing a 3d movie at the Lark Theater. Can you search for the movies playing in Larkspur right now?
I want to see it Friday next week.
I want to find Animation movies that are 3d showing in Santa Rosa tonight.
Tomorrow please.
I'm looking for a comedy to watch in San Jose at the AMC Saratoga. What movies are available?
I want to go on the 2nd of March.
Hey, could you please find me regular movie tickets for Friday next week at 22:45?
I'd like three tickets, please.
Please search for IT two in Milpitas.
I would like to watch an imax show on the 5th of this month. I want 1 ticket.
I want to watch Hustlers in Livermore at ten in the night.
Can you get me one ticket to the movie Hobbs and Shaw in San Leandro?
Can you find me an imax show on the 6th of this month at night 10:30?
Hey. Can you help me purchase two movie tickets to a showing Wednesday next week in Santa Rosa?
I would like to see a regular showing of Hustlers. Look for something in Livermore around 21:45.
I wish to purchase movie tickets to watch it on Wednesday next week.
I wish to see a 3d show.
I wish to see The Lord of the Rings at evening 6.
I wish to see movies depicted in Livermore and I need one ticket.
Please try again. I wish to see a imax show at 6:15 in the evening.
I'd like 4 tickets to watch the show at nine pm.
I'd like to watch IT2 in imax.
Find me shows for the 8th in Campbell.
I would like 1 ticket to see a 3D movie called Ad Astra.
I would like the 16th of March, in San Francisco at seven pm.
I need to buy it in Pittsburg.
I need the tickets for regular show for the movie Overcomer on 2nd of March.
Buy 1 ticket for the show time night 10.
Can you get me tickets to watch the movie Good Boys on the 9th of this month?
I'd like four tickets to the regular show t half past 9 in the night.
In Santa Rosa please.
Search please some movies shown in Newark on Wednesday next week because I want to buy tickets.
Imax show will be perfect.
Hustlers will be perfect for four people at 22:15.
Please get me tickets to the movie Official Secrets.
I just want one ticket to a regular show on 4th of March.
I need Santa Rosa at 8:15 in the night.
Hi, I'm wanting to see a movie. I want something at 8:30 pm.
Just regular please.
I want IT two. I need 4 for the Brentwood theatre.
I want tickets for March 7th.
I want to watch the regular showing of Ad Astra tonight. I want to watch the showing at night 9 pm-ish
I want to watch on the night of the 16th of March, and I only need one ticket in San Jose
I would like to watch the show at 10:30 pm.
I want one ticket for Saturday this week.
I want to watch a regular show of Angel Has Fallen shown in Concord.
No. I would like to book 2 tickets in Newark.
I would like to buy a movie ticket in San Jose at 11 o"clock in the night.
I want to book three tickets for regular show.
I want to want Angel has fallen on day after tomorrow.
I want to go half past 6 in the evening to see the show.
I want to watch the imax on the 9th to watch The Lord of the Rings three.
I want to watch the movie in Santa Rosa. Can you check there?
I only need 1 ticket for the movie.
I'm looking for two movie tickets for Good Boys.
I want to see the a regular show in Milpitas.
I want to see IT Chapter Two on the 7th of March.
I want to see it at eleven pm.
I'd like to get movie tickets to go watch After The Wedding.
I would like to see a regular show on March 10th in the San Jose area.
I think I'd like to get 1 ticket for the evening 7:30 pm showing.
Please give it a go again and look in San Francisco. I'd like a showing at 6:30 in the evening for Fiddler: A Miracle of Miracles.
I'd like 1 regular movie ticket for a show this Sunday.
I'd like to find a showing of Brittany Runs a Marathon in San Francisco.
I'm interested in 3d shows at 6:45 in the evening. You can search in Palo Alto as well.
No, I'm sorry. I need to make that 2 tickets for March 9th.
Can you find a regular show at around 2:30 in the afternoon?
Find tickets for the movie Farewell.
I'm going on a date so I will need two tickets please.
Can you search for something in Santa Clara on the 1st of march.
I'd like to see an imax show actually.
I'd like to see Chhichhore in Santa Clara. Just one ticket is good.
This would be Tuesday next week.
Yes, I'd like to go at 22:30 if possible.
I need movie tickets for Toy Story Four, now please.
I need it in Union City at 11 in the night. I need four tickets.
Regular, please.
I want today.
Can you try again? But I want Angel Has Fallen at quarter past 10 in the night.
I want three tickets
I need to watch it on 1st of March at night 10:15.
i am interested to watch a regular show
I need to watch 47 Meters Down
Search for movies in San Jose
I will need 2 tickets, please.
I would like 1 ticket for IT Chapter Two in Union City on the 3rd of this month.
I prefer a regular showing. Please get a ticket for the showing at 11 in the night.
Find me movies in San Francisco.
I need just one ticket, and a showing at 21:15 would be perfect.
Yes. I'd like to see This Is Not Berlin.
I'd like just a regular show, and something on the 4th of this month would be best.
Can you find me seats for Once Upon a Time In Hollywood?
I would prefer to see it around 10:30 in the night.
The date would be March 4th, just a regular show is find, some kind of movie around San Ramon would do.
Just two of us.
I would like four tickets to IT2 on March 3rd in Mountain View.
Let's make that a regular showing at 22:45.
Actually, you know what, I changed my mind. I think I want to watch Hustlers in Santa Clara, can you search there please?
I want to catch a night showing, maybe around quarter to 7 in the evening?
It's gonna be 3 of us
I wanna watch IT Chapter Two on the 7th, preferably in Mill Valley
A regular one is fine for us
I'm interested in getting 2 movie tickets please, something for a regular show.
I want to see something on Wednesday next week, around ten pm or so. And I'm in San Rafael.
Yeah, I want to see Hustlers.
Let's try that ticket purchase again please. How about a 10:45 pm imax show?
Whoops, let's make that next Friday instead. And I think I want to go in Santa Clara.
I want 2 tickets at 11 in the night.
I like Brittany Runs a Marathon.
Please find movies shown in Redwood CIty on the 2nd, I want a regular show.
No, please search movies shown in Palo Alto at evening 7:15.
No, I want Stage Door.
I would like to go to a theater in Mill Valley. I only need one ticket.
I was hoping to see IT2. A regular show would be fine.
I am thinking the 2nd of March would be a good day.
Yes, thanks for asking. I would like to visit at 6:45 in the evening.
I'm looking for some 3d movie tickets in San Jose.
I need 1 ticket for a movie at 8:15 pm.
I want to see it on the 5th of March.
I want to watch The Load.
Hey, can you help me get movie tickets to IT Chapter Two.
Only 1 ticket.
I want to go on March 6th. And I'm located in San Jose.
I think an imax showing would be cool. And I want to see it at the evening 7:45. Also can you look for shows on the 1st in San Ramon?
Wait, no. Can I actually do 3d.
I would like to buy a movie ticket in Concord on the 9th for four people.
I would like to watch Hustlers.
I want to watch in a imax show at 9:30 in the night.
I want to go out this evening. How about some tickets to see a movie at quarter past 6 in the evening?
I want to see Luce at Oakland on the 2nd of March.
A regular show would be ok.
Just 1 would be needed.
I want to purchase film tickets to a regular movie. Could you look for films playing in Santa Clara?
I'd like to view it on March 9th.
I desire 1 ticket.
I'd like to see Hustlers.
I'd like to see the film at 11 in the night.
Can you attempt to buy again? I'd like to watch it at Walnut creek on next Tuesday, during night 9:45.
I want to watch The Farewell in 3d
I'm going on a date so I need 2 tickets on Saturday this week in SF
Our date is gonna be at night so maybe at quarter to 7 in the evening?
Can you buy me movie tickets for movie shown in Rohnert Park?
I want 2 tickets for the show on March 1st.
I would like to watch Good Boys.
I would like to watch it at night 9:45.
I prefer imax show.
I need one ticket to a regular show.
I want to see Hustlers in Brentwood at 7:30 pm.
On the 3rd of this month.
Could you try March 4th at 10:30 pm in Santa Clara.
Just 1 ticket please.
Just a regular show, nothing special.
I want to watch Good Boys at 22:00.
Please find movies in Santa Rosa on March 2nd.
I was thinking about going to the cinema, I need three tickets.
A regular show is just fine. The movie is Good Boys and the date is the 5th of this month.
Nine pm.
Brentwood please.
I find boring myself to proceed in my routine life. i need a break so i plan to watch movies. will you buy movie tickets. i like to watch the show at 7 pm.
I like to watch The Lord of the Rings three and i need it on 6th of this month.
I need 1 tickets that should be a imax show.
i need to watch at IT2. Will you search for movies that shown in Mill Valley?
Hi, could you help me find some nice Action movies to watch please?
A show in Danville will be great.
Likely at 6:30 pm.
Four tickets for later today please.
An IMAX show will be great!
Are there any Cartoon movies showing at imax in Union City?
There will be two of us.
If I had my rathers I'd like the tickets for Wednesday next week for a 10:15 in the night showing.
I want to spend my free time by watching a nice Movie like the one with Dramatic Story. Can you find something for me and I want to watch it at Century 20 Oakridge and XD.
Search it in San Jose.
Book the show at ten pm.
Please try for some other time like half past 10 in the night on March 5th for a regular show.
Search for me movies shown in Napa.I would like to watch at Century Napa Valley and XD.
Find me something else.I want to watch a regular show.
At 22:15 will be okay.
Three tickets will be great.
I want four tickets for tomorrow.
I am interested in seeing an Imax show, preferrably a cartoon movie. Would you search for this in Santa Rosa?
I am interested in seeing the movie on the 4th at the quarter to 5 in the evening show and would lke 3 tickets.
Would you please try purchasing the tickets again but for 1 ticket to the quarter past 4 in the evening movie later today?
Can you find me a regular movie show that I can watch in Santa Rosa?
I think After the Wedding would be perfect. Can you get me three tickets for the 4:30 pm show on March 10th?
Can you check whether tickets are available for the show at quarter to 4 in the afternoon on March 7th?
I want to search for the movies in Mountain View.
Make it on 2nd of this month.
Book it for one person at ten in the night.
No, regular show is enough to me.
Find movies in Larkspur. I would like a 3d show.
I'd like to watch it on 7th of this month. I need two tickets.
I want to watch the show at afternoon 3:30
I'd like to find a movie to watch. Would you find me movies in Santa Rosa? A regular show would be good.
Good Boys is excellent. I'd lik to buy four movie tickets for 9:15 pm.
I'd like to watch it on Tuesday next week.
Can you find me a movie to watch at a Regal Jack London theater in Oakland? It should be a regular show.
Reserve 2 tickets for the movie at 21:45 for next Thursday.
I want to find a movie in Campbell.
Can you find some other movies? Find something at the Balboa Theatre in SFO.
A regular show.
I need 2 tickets for the 2:30 pm show on March 10th.
Try Healdsburg please.
A regular show is fine. I need one ticket for 7:45 pm.
Actually can you make that a 3d showing for later today?
Can you start your search by looking for Eccentric Story movies in the San Fran area?
I will need three tickets for the 8:15 pm show if available.
I think we would all much prefer the 3d show.
The March 2nd show I think will be the best option.
Can you find me a movie to watch in Berkeley?
I want to watch the 21:15 imax please
Can you look for movies showing in Healdsburg?
I would like to see an imax show tomorrow and I would like two tickets.
I would like to see the show at half past 8 in the night.
I would liek to watch a Scientific fiction in San Bruno at Century at Tanforan and XD.
I would like two tickets.
I would like to go on the 10th at 11:30 in the night.
I would like a regular show.
Somewhere close to home so I don't have to drive far would be great, start with Brentwood.
I prefer a regular show, playing at 7:45 pm, on the 16th.
It will only be me, so 1 is fine.
Hi, could you get me a regular Imaginative fiction movie in Hayward please?
I will need 3 tickets for the 9:45 pm movie on the 10th of this month.
I want to search for it in San Jose and I would like to prefer a 3D show.
I want to find some other movies and I think Supernatural movies will be perfect for me and search for the one showing at AMC Saratoga.
I want to watch it at 8:30 pm and please buy 2 tickets.
Book it on the 7th.
Please change the date and time to 1st of March at half past 9 in the night.
Also book for 4 tickets.
I'd like to look for a film to view at the raven Film Center. Could you look for a film playing in Healdsburg? I'd like to view a 3d film.
I'd like to view the film on the 2nd of this month.
I'd like to view the show during 5:15 in the evening.
I am interested in going for a movie in mountain view. Can you help in this?
I would like to buy tickets for the movie Ad Astra and want to see it on 10th of this month at 22:00. I need 3 tickets.
Regular show is okay for me.
Can you search for movies in Santa ROsa.
i need 1 tickets.
I need to watch at half past 11 in the morning. i want to watch a regular show.
Can you find me a regular screening of a Supernatural genre movie at AMC NewPark
Can you look in the Newark area?
IT2 is great! Buy me three tickets for the 10:15 in the night showing on the 10th of March
I need it at Century 20 Great Mall and XD, for movies in Milpitas. I want to see Action.
I want it at 10 o"clock in the night on the 2nd of March.
I want a regular one.
I need 2 tickets.
I want to watch it in Dublin.
I need 2 tickets for the movie on Tuesday next week at 11 o"clock in the night.
I like to prefer with regular one.
I would like to watch a regular show at 3rd Street Cinema in Santa Rosa.
I would like to go in the evening 4:45.
I would like to watch it next Thursday.
Will you search for movies shown in Santa Rosa.
Fiddler is the right one. I want to buy movie tickets for 1 ticket.
I'd like to watch a regular show.
I would like to watch the show at 11:15 am on the 9th.
I am looking for a movie to watch at AMC NewPark.
Can you look for the movie in Newark?
47 Meters DOwn: Uncaged sounds great. Can you book me 1 movie ticket for the regular show at two in the afternoon.
I would like to watch it on Sunday this week.
I want to find movies in Palo Alto.
Ladykillers is perfect. Can you buy me some tickets for quarter to 8 in the evening? I want to watch the movie in 3d.
Get me one ticket for March 1st.
Hi, could you help me find a regular show to watch at Roxy Stadium Cinemas in Santa Rosa please?
I need two tickets for the movie at half past 9 in the night.
On the March 3rd please.
Can you help me find movies in El Cerrito?
I'd like to see the movie on Sunday this week at 19:15. A regular show is fine.
I'd like four tickets.
I need to find a movie in Santa Rosa.
I would like to purchase 2 tickets.
No. This Saturday would work better.
Anything in Mill Valley?
Anything at seven in the evening on March 1st. I would like three tickets.
Just a regular show.
I need you to find me movies in San Jose
I prefer Ad Astra and need four tickets
I have to see a regular show movie at 10:30 in the night
I prefer to see it on 16th of this Month
Can you please help me find a 3d family movie shown in San Jose.
Farewell is great. I'm buying tickets for ten pm on 4th of March.
Just one ticket.
I want to search it in San Leandro.
Yes, Overcomer is good and I want to purchase the tickets now. Please buy one ticket on March 7th for the show time at 10:30 pm.
I need to watch a Imax Show. Make it accordingly.
will you find me movies in Hayward?
Please find some other movies, I need to watch movies at CineLux Tennant Station. Will you find movies which are shown in Morgan Hill?
Hobbs and Shaw is Perfect and i like to buy movie tickets. I need to watch it a regular show and the day is on this saturday.
I need to watch the show at 9:30 pm.
i need 3 tickets.
Would you look in San Jose for some movies to see?
Look around for some other movie options, such as a Dramatic story.
See if you can find some other movies in San Rafael please.
I want to get some movie tickets to a 3d show of A Faithful Man. It' sounds great.
I need 3 tickets to see it on the 8th of this month for the evening 6:15 show.
I want to watch a movie at Century 25 Union Landing and XD. I like dramatic story movies.
Look for movies in Union City.
I want 1 ticket to a regular movie on Friday next week.
I want to watch it at quarter to 11 in the night.
I would like a regular drama movie at Regal Crow Canyon.
Please look in San Ramon,
I would like 3 tickets for Hustlers at quarter past 7 in the evening.
On the 3rd of March.
I'm after an Imax film at Century Blackhawk Plaza in Danville can you tell me whats on?
Just one please
Let's look for movies in Oakland.
Let's get three tickets.
I'd like to see the show at night 10 on the 2nd. I'm fine with a regular show.
Hi, could you help me search for some nice Anime movies please?
I'm at home alone and it is awfully quiet, so it's the perfect time to sit back and watch a movie. Can you find me a movie with Michaela Watkins starring in it and preferably directed by Paul Downs Colaizzo?
Are there any movies with actor Josh Gad in them?
I want to find a good film to watch with Duane Whitaker and I want something directed by Quentin Tarantino.
I would like to find a movie to watch in the Imaginative fiction genre.
i want to watch a movie, maybe a thriller directed by Riley Stearns.
I want to watch a movie that Ian Hendry is in.
I saw that already. I would rather see a family genre directed by Herbert Ross.
I'd like to watch a movie directed by Alex Kendrick.
I want to watch a Zoe Bell movie.
Can you find me a nice movie directed by James Gray to watch?
I would like to choose a movie to watch. Can you help me find a movie in the Comic genre with James Corden in it?
It's suppose to be raining all day so I'm cooped up in the house and bored. Can you help find me a movie to watch, preferably one that is classified as a Comic and directed by Nitesh Tiwari?
Okay, let's try something else. How about a movie directed by Gene Stupnitsky instead?
Can you find me a thriller movie directed by Alexander Mackendrick?
I want to watch a McKinley Belcher III movie. I want something directed by Simon Curtis. It should be a drama.
I want to watch a movie staring Daniel Camp and directed by Herbert Ross.
Can you find a movie. I'm interested in a movie by the director Quentin Tarantino.
Let me enjoy movie directed by Nitesh Tiwari, is there any one?
My friend and I want to go see a movie but we can't find one we like. We really want to see a Drama.
Yeah, we already saw that one. Is there anything directed by Hari Sama?
Hey I need help finding a movie please, I like movies by Satoshi Kon.
Find me a movie directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Anything else, preferably something with Eugene Dynarski?
I would like to find an Exotic movie.
Yes, okay,but I need to find some other movies especially the one directed by Jovanka Vuckovic. Do you have something like this in your options?
I'm looking to watch an action movie directed by David Leitch starring Alex King.
Can you help me search for a Horror movie to watch?
I have some leisure time so that i could watch a movie. Will you find me a movie directed by Kirill Mikhanovsky and find something like Comedy-drama genre?
I'd like to find something an Eccentric story movie to watch. What do you recommend?
I like to watch a movie. will you find me a movie which has sterling K. Brown as a actor and it should be directed by Thurop Van Orman
I want to watch a suspense movie directed by Josephine Decker.
Can you help me find a movie to stream in the Play genre?
I wish to see the movie which is directed by David Leitch and acted by Lori Pelenise Tuisano.
I want to see a movie by Peter Jackson that is a Fantasy.
Not interested. Any other movies which are directed by QUentin Tarantino? type of movie should be Cult genre.
Anything else? I like films directed by Steven Spielberg in the Imaginative fiction genre.
What other movies are there? I want something with Conleth Hill in it.
Please find other results. I like movies directed by Martin Scorsese, and I also like seeing a documentary.
I want to watch a Comic movie with Gordon Tanner.
Can you find me a Romance movie to watch?
Can you find me a drama movie to watch? One staring Taraji P. Henson
Anything else you can find in particular Ghost genre directed by Michael Chaves.
Any others? Find something in the Comic genre.
Any others? I'm looking for something directed by Jonathan Levine, and starring O'Shea Jackson Jr.
Can you find me a movie to watch, directed by Morton DaCosta? I'm looking for a specific one.
I am in mood of watching a Drama movie, so I want to find one.
Can you see if there are some other movies? I usually enjoy watching a film directed by Alfred Hitchcock, and for the film to be starring ALix Talton.
Can you find me a Romance movie starring Haaz Sleiman?
I'm having some friends over and need a movie to watch. Please find me some movies in the comic genre.
I want to watch a movie but am having a hard time finding anything good in all these titles. Can you find me something that stars Jeff Harding?
What else do you have? I like funny movies.
Can you find me a movie directed by Claire Denis?
Anything else? What about movies directed by Iain Softley. Or something that's a Drama?
I'd like to watch a Gladys Holland movie
Can you find a drama film for me?
Anything else? I want something directed by Robin Bissell and starring Sam Rockwell.
Have anything else with Huang Lu?
Find me a movie directed by Anna Boden in the Adventure category.
Hi i need a help, me and my friends are looking for movie to watch, we all are interested to watch patric knowles movies, could you find me his movies?
I just want to relax tonight and watch a movie. Anything directed by Tina Gordon would be good.
I'd like to watch a movie directed by Malik Bendjelloul
I am looking for a movie directed by Elaine May to watch. Find something starring Rose Arrick.
I want to watch a movie, preferably something by Jenny Gage. The romance genre would also work.
Can you find a movie for me to watch that was directed by Michael Chaves?
What else is there. I'm watching with my wife so maybe a Rom-com would be good.
How about something else like a comic film directed by Morton DaCosta?
No, don't really fancy that one either. Can you see if there's anything else? We quite like fantasy films, especially stuff directed by Neil Marshall.
I would prefer a movie with Frederick Preston
I'd like to see a movie, any genre is fine
I am looking for a funny movie.
I want a movie directed by Harry Elfont and starring Harmoni Everett.
I need to find a movie, any type works
Do you have any movies with Mike Colter?
Can you find me a movie? One that stars Michael Cumpsty.
Can you find a movie for me with Shayn Solberg?
How about something from Tom McCarthy or something starring Jacqueline Brogan?
Can you find me a movie directed by Harry Elfont?
Find me movies staring Alan Arkin
Will you find me movies directed by Tom McCarthy starring Walter the Dog?
I am in San Jose. Also I want to see a 3D movie.
Yes, please find me some other movies. I want to see something at CineLux Almaden.
March 5th.
I like Horror movies and would also like to see a movie in Concord. Can you search for one there?
I am thinking of going on March 2nd and I would like to see it at Veranda LUXE Cinema.
Make it movies in Santa Clara
I'll see it this Saturday
A friend and I want to see an imax show at CineLux Tennant Station. What movies are out?
What fantasy movies are being shown in Morgan Hill?
No, not right now. What times is it playing on March 2nd?
I'mm interested in seeing an imax movie in Petaluma.
I plan on seeing it on the 2nd of March.
I am currently at Sebastopol, could you find for movies currently showing in this area?
What are the show times available for this movie? Would it be possible on the March 5th for a 3d version of this movie?
I'm in Livermore.
No, not right now. I want to watch it on Tuesday next week, at Livermore Cinema.
I really want to find a movie to watch. I was thinking we could go to an imax show.
What movies are showing in Fremont?
Shazam! sounds great. What time is it showing on the 8th of March?
can you search for movies shown in San Jose.i like Adventure movies.
I like Documentary movies. could you try again?
Can you search for moveis shown SFO. I want to watch at Roxie Theater. Please find some other movies.
I want to watch a regular show. I want to want it on 3rd of this month.
Hey, I'm looking for a movie to watch in Oakland. Is there anything available?
Please find some different movies. Any showing is fine.
March 7th, please.
I'm currently looking at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. I want to watch a movie on a big imax screen. Can you find some good movies in the San Francisco area?
Yeah, Knock Down The House sounds good. When does this movie start? I want to go see it on the 8th of March.
I need to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
Can you find a movie shown in SFO.
I like to watch it on 9th of this month.
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Livermore Cinema.
Are you able to find movies playing at Livermore?
After sounds great! I plan on watching it on the 2nd of this month. Can you tell me what time is the showing?
Could you help me finding a movie to watch in Union City, please?
could you please find me something else, like a scary movie at Century Union Landing?
Curse of La Llorona is perfect. What time can I watch a imax on the 7th
Find me a good flick in SFO.
Nah. Find me something regular.
Keep going. I'm flexible.
On March 1st.
I am in Brentwood, there are a few theaters. What movies are around here?
I don't like those options. Show me imax shows.
CineLux Delta Cinema Saver is the closest theater I think. I want to see it on March 2nd.
I want to find a movie to watch, Can you search for the movies shown in Petaluma?
No, I don't want to purchase now. What time can I watch it? I want to watch a 3d show.
I want to watch is on March 4th. I want to watch at Boulevard Cinema
I need to find a movie to watch in Livermore. I'd like to see an imax show.
Look for something else. Something regular.
Not right now. When is it showing at Vine Cinema?
I'd like to see it on the 2nd of this month.
I'd like to discover a film to watch. Can you search for San Bruno shown films.
How long can I watch it? Every theater is okay.
I'm waiting to see it on 2nd of March .
I live in Walnut Creek.
Not right now? I just want to know showtimes on March 2nd.
Hi. I want to find a comedy movie to watch at Century Oakridge. Can you help me with that?
I'm in San Jose.
No, I don't want to purchase tickets now. But can you tell me when I can see it? I want to see it in 3d next Tuesday.
What movies are showing in San Jose? I really want to go see a movie.
Nah, those aren't what I'm looking for. What imax shows are out?
Oh, sorry. I would like to see it on the 9th of March.
I'm in Union City, can you suggest any movies there?
I want to watch a regular showing on the 5th.
Can you show me movies shown in Morgan Hill.
No, I want to watch it on Sunday this week. What times is it showing?
I want to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
No thanks. I like fantasy movies. Can you now search in Campbell?
On the 2nd.
Im looking to watch a movie that is in 3d.
I want to watch the movie at Boulevard Cinema. Can you find movies that are showing in Petaluma? I enjoy comedy movies.
I would like to watch the movie on the 4th.
Hey, I want to go see a movie. Any theater is cool for me.
I am in Santa Rosa and want the closest theater. What movies are there now?
Find some more options, please. I want to see 3rd Street Cinema.
Yes, The Upside is what I want to see then. What are the showtimes for today?
Brentwood, please. I'd like to watch an Adventure movie at AMC Brentwood.
Not at the moment. I'd like to watch an imax show, what are the available times?
March 2nd, please.
I would like to watch a regular show at the Century at Tanforan. Could you make the search for movies in San Bruno?
The 5th of this month would be perfect.
I am looking for a 3d suspense movie in Santa Clara.
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it showing at AMC Mercado?
the 1st please.
It's movie night! I'm trying to decide what to watch. Can you find movies shown in Sonoma?
I'd like to see it on March 5th.
I'm looking for a movie to watch tonight. My favorites are scary movies.
A theater in Berkeley would be most convenient.
I want to go sometime today. I think the United Artists Berkeley would be the closest to where I am.
Can you find a funny movie for me at AMC Brentwood?
Find a 3d movie in Brentwood.
I want to go later today.
Is there another show time? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
Find movies in Larkspur
Not now, what times are available and any theatre is fine.
1st of this month
I would like to find a 3d movie to watch.
Could you search for movies playing in Union City. Preferably at Century Union Landing.
No, I don't want to buy tickets now. What times are the movies playing? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I haven't seen a new movie a months. Can you find me an Imax show in Campbell to watch?
Can you tell me if it's playing on the 2nd at Pruneyard cinemas?
I'm looking for a Comedy to watch in a theatre today, can you help me pick one?
I'm in Oakland right now.
Not really - can you find some others? I'd like to go to the New Parkway Theater, a regular show, nothing 3D, they make me queasy.
I'm thinking the 7th of this month.
I want to go to the movies. Find me a drama
In Sebastopol
I want to see Hackers on the 7th of this month. What time does it play?
I would like it in San Bruno.
This Saturday at Century at Tanforan.
Search for movies being shown in Newark.
Can you find some other movies at AMC NewPark.
Find some other movies, any type of movie is fine.
What time can I watch the movie on the 2nd?
My friend and I want to watch a movie at Century Daly City
I am in Daly City - can you find Adventure movies for us?
Shazam! sounds good! What times are available on the 4th of March?
I want to watch a imax show for movies in Fremont.And I want to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
I like adventure movies.Please find some other movies.
Shazam! is perfect.I want to watch it on Friday next week . What time can I watch it?
I am in Vallejo
I want to watch Captain Marvel. What time do they have available
I want to watch on March 2nd
I'm on Oakland. Can you show me movies from here?
I changed my mind. Can you show me regular shows?
It's not necessary to buy now. What time on March 1st can I watch it?
Please look for a movie in Emeryville.
Yes, Teen Spirit would be great. What time is an imax showing playing?
I want to see the movie on the 1st of this month please.
San Francisco.
On the 15th.
My friend and I are looking to watch a movie later. Can you find movies in Walnut Creek?
We would like to see Little. Is there any times available for Tuesday next week?
Please can you look for some good movies in Santa Rosa of Sonoma County?
Not exactly for the debut movies but might for the latest one. Please can you suggest some other movies? If you can find the one shown in Oakland, that would be perfect.
Nope, I would like to watch Funny movies especially a imax show. Please can you find any such movies?
I will be available on March 9th. That day would work.
in Pleasant Hill, Is there any nice movie you can find here?
Yes, I need to clarify, at what time, I can watch this movie on 2nd of this month.
I'm in Brentwood
Long Shot sounds perfect. What are the show times? I would like to watch a 3d show.
I prefer the 1st of March.
I am looking for a movie to watch. Can you find movies that are showing in Morgan Hill?
Please look for other movies. Are you able to do a search for movies in Emeryville? I would like to see something in IMax.
Teen Spirit will be perfect. What time will I be able to watch it? I would like to see it at AMC Bay Street?
I would like to see it today?
Can you search around Sebastopol?
Can I have some more options? And can you search in Union City?
9th of March.
I'm in Berkeley. Any good movies here?
I would like to go today.
I'd like to see a movie at Century Rowland Plaza.
I'd like to see an imax movie in Novato.
I'd like to see it on March 1st.
Can you search in Brentwood.
Please find some other movies in San Ramon. Any theatre is fine.
I want to watch 3d show, pls find other movies
No. I want to watch on 2nd of March. What time can i watch?
Can you find me a movie to watch at CineLux Tennant Station
Look for movies in Morgan Hill
Captain Marvel sounds perf. What Time can I watch? I want a regular show time
On march 7th.
I'd like to a show. Can you help me find a 3d movie near me?
I'm in Cloverdale.
I'd like to see it on the 2nd.
I feel like watching a movie. What's available in San Jose?
Can you search for other ones? Something at CineLux Almaden.
The Curse of La Llorona is great. What time is it available in March 5th?
This week, I have a lot to do and meeting to attend. I think I'll deserve some time to relax and watch a movie, something I could really use your help choosing. I want to see a Non-fiction movie that I can watch on imax. You have any ideas for me?
Please recommend a movie that's showing in San Bruno.
Please set the date for the 8th of March.
I want to find movies in San Ramon.
I want to see it on Saturday this week.
What's the address for Cinelux Tennant Station?
Do you know which movies are showing in Morgan Hill?
Is there a imax show nearby?
March 2nd is perfect for me.
I want to watch a movie in San Francisco.
Find some comic movies. I want to watch at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
I want to watch tomorrow.
Look for movies shown in SFO.
I want to watch it at Embarcadero Center Cinema on the 2nd of this month.
A fun movie is on the agenda for our upcoming family night out. It's kind of a big deal because we're still celebrating graduation, and we want to see a movie that's 3d, lighthearted and rated for all ages. What's your take on a movie recommendation, please?
How about a search in San Ramon. Any kind of movie is fine, just as long as it's fun.
Okay, I expect we'll go see the movie on the 5th at THE LOT City Center.
I want movies shown in Union City.
I prefer tomorrow at Century Union Landing. Whatever type of show is absolutely fine.
Search for movies in SFO please.
Can you find some other movies? I like the War genre.
Aftermath sounds great! What are the showtimes for IMAX showings?
I want to see it on the 1st.
Can you help me find movies in Oakland?
I'd like to see it at New Parkway Theater on the 10th of March.
It will be fine in SFO
Try some other particularly in Vallejo, imax show.
On 2nd of March.
Yeah, I have changed the date to March 1st and at Century Vallejo.
Find theaters playing 3D movies in San Jose.
Find Drama movies on imax.
This Saturday.
I am going to watch a movie at the Piedmont Theatre
Have you tried searching for movies in Oakland
I will purchase a ticket later what time will be good so I can watch a imax show
How about the 7th of March
What are some flicks in Oakland?
Dr. Strangelove sounds good. I don't care about the theater, but what times are available?
I'd like to catch it on the 10th.
Search for movies only shown in Vacaville.
Try to find movies shown in Albany.
On the 5th at Albany Twin will be good.
Please find a movie in San Francisco.
Please check the showtimes for this Saturday.
Is it on at any other times? I'd actually like to go to the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
I need the movies being shown in Brentwood.
No, something else. An imax show is what I am looking for.
I am planning to watch it on March 2nd.
Search for movies at Menlo Park.
I would like to see it March 9th.
Is it available at another time? How about on March 4th?
Find movies in SF.
I want a 3D showing, on March 2nd, at the Vogue Theatre.
I wish to see a move at AMC NewPark.
Kindly find a movie in Newark.
Could you please search for some other movies? I wish to see a Fantasy movie at imax show.
I wish to see it on the 1st.
Can you search a comic movie for me?
I am in Santa Clara, can you search here?
search for March 11th.
I would like to watch a horror movie.
Search for movies in San Jose area
Tuesday next week would be best
Can you find movies in Martinez?
The 9th of this month and I would like a regular show.
I would like to go to Vine Cinema in Livermore.
I would like to watch it on the 3rd.
I would like to search for movies in Santa Rosa, please.
I would like to watch the movie at any theater today.
I want movies in Vacaville.
Not right now. What time can I see the show? I want to watch a regular show.
I want to watch it tomorrow.
I'd like to find a movie to watch at Century San Francisco Centre.
Help me find movies showing in San Francisco.
How about next Thursday?
In Vacaville please
No I want something else. What's playing in San Bruno. I don't care which theater.
On the 2nd of this month. Does it come in imax?
The Redwood City
the Century Redwood city the March 1st
San Rafael, please. I'd like to see a Drama movie.
March 1st, please.
Can you search Larkspur for Drama movies?
Lets go see Transit, What time is it? Ill go to any theater.
Next Tuesday is when i want to see it.
I want to find a movie to watch at AMC Saratoga.
Search for 3d movies in San Jose.
Please find movies in Union City.
Could you find some other movies? I prefer Adventure movies.
I wish to see it on March 4th.
Are there any good movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I would like to see it on March 2nd in a 3d showing.
I feel like going to the movies. I'd like to go see a 3d movie at Guild Theatre.
Can you look for films which are playing in Menlo Park?
Red Joan sounds great. What time is it playing on March 9th?
Search for movies playing right now in Napa.
Let's go with Sunday this week.
Comedy movies are my favorites.Search for me movies shown in SF .I would love to watch a imax show.
I want to watch at Century San Francisco Centre the movie Missing Link .At what time can it be?
I would like to be on 1st of this month.
I would like to see a movie in Santa Rosa.
Dumbo would be great, what are the playing times on March 1st at any theater.
I'm looking for movies in Santa Clara.
What time is the movie showing at AMC Mercado?
Wednesday next week.
I am in Oakland, so can you find me any nearby movies?
I am interested in seeing something else, preferably at the Regal Jack London.
The Best of Enemies sounds good to watch, can you tell me 3d showtimes for Saturday this week?
I'd like to watch a movie at THE LOT City Center.
Look for movies plating San Ramon.
I'm looking forward to seeing it on the 1st.
Can you find movies in Albany?
Next Tuesday please.
I would like to go to an Imax movie, can you find me a Comedy to watch?
I'm located in Oakland.
Gloria Bell would be good - I'd like to see it on the 9th of this month, what time does it start at?
I want to find a movie to watch at Century Walnut Creek.
Can you search for movies shown in Walnut Creek? I'd like to watch a regular show.
No, not now. What are the viewing times and dates? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I would like to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
I would like to watch it on the 1st of March.
I'm in Santa Rosa. I'm in the mood for a fantasy movie.
I want to go on 6th of March, to a regular show at 3rd Street cinema.
I'm in San Francisco. What's available?
No, I want something else please. Any theater will do.
Please find something else. I'm interested in drama movies. Are there any regular showings available?
I am looking for showtimes on the 17th.
I want to see a movie in San Bruno. What's available?
No, what else is there? I want to see a regular show.
What time is it? I want to go to Century at Tanforan.
I'd like to go on the 1st.
I want to watch a movie in SF
I want Horror movies
I am available to watch on 7th of this month
Can you search movies in San Ramon.
I would like Scary movies. I would like to watch THE LOT City Center.
Can you find some other movies, I like all kinds.
I would like to see Little. I would like to watch it on March 1st.
I like Biographical movies, can you search for movies shown in Vallejo? I want to watch a 3d show.
Monday next week would be superb. I'd prefer to see it at Century Vallejo
What's showing in San Jose?
What time is it showing at CineLux Almaden?
I am available on the 3rd.
I would like to go to a movie in San Ramon. Can you tell me what movies are playing?
The 9th is the date I am looking to watch it.
Can you do a search for me? I'm looking for 3d movies in San Jose.
I'm in San Ramon, please find a movie there.
No, I don't need tickets right away. What time is their imax showing?
Please check the 9th of this month.
Find me movies in Union City.
I'd like to watch it on the 7th of March.
I'd like to see an imax show at Century at Pacific Commons. I want to watch it.
Can you check for a movie in Fremont?
When can I see it on the 8th of March?
Please look for movies in SFO.
Please find some other options in imax.
What time is the showtimes on March 1st?
Can you find all movies in Pleasant Hill?
On the 2nd of this month, I want to watch a 3d movie. Can you tell me what 3d movies are playing near me?
Hey, they got any Fantasy movies playing at THE LOT City Center?
Look in San Ramon.
The 1st of this month. Look for the 3d version.
I want to watch movie. Any kind of movie works for me.
Can you find movies playing in Martinez.
Missing Link is great! What time I see it? I want to see it on the 1st of March at Contra Costa.
Can you find me movies shown in Emeryville
Please find some more movies. I would like to watch at AMC Bay Street for a 3d show.
Pet Sematary is so good. What time can I watch it? My preferred date is March 8th.
Could you try once? I wanna watch it on Saturday this week.
Find me a regular movie to watch.
I am in Concord.
I want to see it on March 1st.
I want to find a movie to watch. I want to watch a regular show.
Can you search for movies shown in SF.
I want to watch it on 2nd of March.
My husband and I want to watch a 3d movie. Where is the closest place?
I'm in San Jose. Can you look around there?
No, Sunday this week when we have a babysitter. We want the CineLux Almaden.
I would love to see a 3d show in Menlo Park.Can you help me find one?
It will be great to watch at Guild Theatre,tell me please at what time can I watch it.
In 9th of this month it will be great for me.
I wish to watch a movies shown in Morgan Hill. So Find it in that place.
No, Not at all. Please search for other movies. Will you search for movies shown in Union City and I like to watch at Century Union Landing location.
No, Not interested . Find some other movies, will you find me 3d movies
At what time i shall able to watch that movie? Whether i could able to watch it on 2nd of this month.
Can you find me a 3D movie to watch?
Please find me movies in Brentwood.
I don't like those. Show me movies in Pleasant Hill.
I'd like to see it on 2nd of March.
I am in Antioch, can you search for nearby movies?
I am more interested in fantasy movies, can you give me movie recommendations for the AMC Deer Valley?
I want to see the movie on the 4th of this month.
Can you search a movie shown in Palo Alto? I want to watch a movie.
Pillow Talk sounds good. What time is the movie?
I am planning to watch a regular show on 5th of this month.
I am looking for a movie in Alameda.
Give me some more choices please Check the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex for an imax show.
Next Friday would be perfect for me.
I really want to watch a Fantasy movie. Is there anything available?
I'm in Campbell. I'd like to go to Pruneyard Cinemas.
I want to watch the imax show next Friday.
Please search for movies showing in Mill Valley.
Please find out the screening times for 3d shows.
Yes, I'd love to watch it later today.
I am planning to catch a movie with my friend later. Can you recommend a 3d movie?
I want to know what movies are showing in Emeryville. I am particularly interested in movies of the Thriller genre.
I would like to catch the movie on 8th of March. Can you find me the screen times for this show on that date?
Can you find me a 3d show at the Guild Theatre at Menlo Park?
Red Joan will work. what times are avaliable for the 9th of this month.
Can you tell me what movies are playing at Century Cinemas?
In San Leandro. I'd like to watch the 3d show.
Breakthrough sound great! I'd like to watch it on the 2nd. What time is it playing?
Can you look for movies in Livermore?
No thanks. I like adventure movies and I want to watch an Imax show.
2nd of March.
How about Friday next week at Livermore Cinema?
I want to watch a 3d movice in Emeryville.
I want to watch the movie on the 8th at AMC Bay Street.
Hi, I would like to search for movies currently shown at Albany Twin.
I would prefer movies shown in Albany.
Not yet, what are the available time slots for this movie next Tuesday?
Can you find me a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield?
Sure. Search any kind of movies in Fairfield.
I'd particularly like a 3d movie.
No, not at this moment? At what time is it screening? I'd like to go on the 1st of this month.
Can you help me search for movies that are playing in Emeryville?
I like Comedy movies, can you please help me find one?
Missing Link is perfect. What time would I be able to watch it? I would like to watch it on the 8th of this month.
I want to watch something in Imax in San Francisco
I don't really like any of those. How about some Drama films? I want to watch it at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
The Mustang sounds good. What are the times if I want to watch it Wednesday next week?
I want to find a movie to watch. I like comic movies. I want to watch at Century Napa Valley.
I want to watch a 3D show. Can you search for movies in Napa?
I want to watch it on the 1st of March.
I am interested in watching adventure movies in imax show.
I want you to have a search for movies which are shown in walnut creek
I feel Shazam is good for me and i want to watch it in Century Walnut Creek and what is the show time?
I am interested in watching the movie on Monday next week.
I want to watch in San Ramon
On 2nd of this month.
Can you search for movies in San Jose.
I want to watch 3 Below Theaters and lounge.
Mary Magdalene is good I would like to watch it this Saturday a imax show.
Check what's playing in Union City please.
I wanted to go to the movies next Thursday.
Look for movies in San Jose.
No, can you find an imax show in Concord?
I want to see it on Wednesday next week.
I'm looking for something to do with my evening. What movies are showing in San Jose?
I'm thinking today at the AMC Eastridge.
I want to watch a movie in Union City.
I want to watch a Scary movie in imax.
I want to see it on March 7th.
I want to watch a movie that's been shown in Fairfield.
No.I'll buy tickets later. Can you find a 3d show?
The 1st of this month.
San Jose, so search for movies there.
Actually, Breakthrough sounds great. I want to see it on the 3rd so what times is it playing then?
Can you find me a movie? I'm in the mood for action
In Oakland please
The day after tomorrow please
I want to watch a Rom-com movie.
I am looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
I want to go on the 1st.
I'm looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
No. What's showing at Summerfield Cinemas?
I'm looking for an imax show this Saturday.
I'm in Oakland.
I wanna watch it on 1st of this month.
I want to see it at Century Union Landing. What movies are playing in Union City?
I'd like to see it on Saturday this week.
I want the see the 3d version on the 1st of this month. Is it showing then?
I want to watch a movie at AMC Bay Street
Searc in Emeryville, please
Yes, I want to watch a imax show: what time is it?
On later today
I think that I want to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
Does SF have any movies showing?
I think we should do Suburban Birds. I think I want something regular on the 17th. Do you have any times?
Can you look for movies in SF.
Can you please look for some other movies, I'd like to see an imax show.
Can you find some other movies I'd like to go see them at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. Any kind of movie will do.
Oh yeah, what time is the movie? I'd like to watch it on the 8th?
I like Ghost movies. Search for movies in San Jose.
I want to see it Tuesday next week
Can you tell me which movies are playing at Lark Theater, please. I'd like to find a good one to watch.
Search for movies in Larkspur.
Shine a light sounds perfect. When is it screening? Any show type is OK.
I'd like the 1st of March, if possible.
I would like to see a movie in San Ramon.
I am more in to adventure movies. Could you look for some different movies. Also, I would like to watch at THE LOT City Center.
I would like to watch the regular showing next Monday. What time do they have available, then?
I would like to see a thriller movie located in Brentwood.
What are the show times at AMC Brentwood?
Definitely on March 5th. Is it available
Can you show me movies in San Jose.
No they don't sound like my cup of tea. What about a 3d film.
I want to go next Friday.
Would you look for theaters around Emeryville? That's where we're eating.
I'd like to see something at the AMC Bay Street. Preferably a comic book-type movie. If you can find one of those, that would be great!
I forgot. I wanted to see it on Imax and March 8th would be the date.
Please search for movies in downtown San Fran.
I want to know when I can go see that movies. What are the regular show times?
I would like to see this movie on the 2nd.
Can you tell me what's on in San Francisco.
What time is it playing on 3rd of March.
I want to find an imax movie to watch later tonight.
I am located near Hillsborough.
I'd like to try and watch it on the 1st of March.
San Jose. I want to watch a regular show.
No, something else, in 3D, please.
On the 3rd.
I like Life history movies and want to find a movie to watch. I would like to watch Century at Hayward.
Please find movies in Hayward.
Breakthrough sounds great. What time is it available to watch? I am interested in a regular show.
I want to see it on the 7th.
I would like to watch a 3d movie.
I would like movies in Petaluma.
No not at present. What time is it on? I am interested in showing on the 4th at Boulevard Cinema.
I would like hear about movies being played in Brentwood.
No not right now, can I have the show times and can you look for the movie in 3d?
I would like to watch a imax show on the 2nd of this month.
I feel like being spooked out. Can you help me find some scary movies?
Please look for movies showing in Campbell.
The Curse of La Llorona works good for me. What time is it showing? I'd like to go on the 9th.
I want to find a comedy movie. Search for movies now showing in Oakland.
Let's try something else. I want a regular show. Something like a Biographical movie.
No, not right now. What time does it play? I also want to watch Regal Jack London next Friday.
I want to watch a movie, can you search for movies shown in San Jose.
I want to go on the 11th, at 3 Below Theaters And Lounge.
Can you find for movies shown in Santa Clara.
I like to watch imax show on 1st of March.
I wanna go to the cinema. I don't mind the theatre.
Can you search movies in San Francisco?
Dumbo is perfect. What time can I watch it? I'd like to watch it on March 3rd.
Can you search for movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I would like to see After. Any type of show is fine. What times is it showing?
I'd like to see it on the 1st of this month.
Search for Fantasy movies in San Jose.
No, I don't want to buy the ticket right now. Can you find me the timing of the movie on March 1st at Cinemark?
What are some movies playing in Emeryville right now?
On the 4th of this month.
Give me a 3d show.
I am in Petaluma.
What times are available on the 2nd of this month at Boulevard Cinema.
I'm in San Francisco. Try searching for movies shown there.
Can you find some other movies? I want to watch one at an imax show in the AMC Metreon nearby.
March 2nd would be nice.
I am in San Francisco, can you search for movies in this city?
Can you give me more movie recommendations, I want to see an IMAX show and I do like seeing comic movies.
At what time can I watch the movie, if I plan on seeing it on the 1st of this month?
I would like to find movies shown in Moraga tonight.
Lets watch it on the 2nd of this month and right now I will watch a regular T.V. show.
What movies are being shown in Healdsburg?
I want to see it 1st of March, in imax, at Raven Film center.
I wish to search for a movie at Tiburon Playhouse.
Could you please find the movie in Tiburon?
I wish to see it on the 9th.
Can you find me a movie shown in Vallejo
Can you search regular show movies shown in Santa Clara
Any other movies available?
Long shot sounds great. I want to watch on the 11th at AMC Mercado
I want to watch a movie in Larkspur. I want to watch some Horror movies.
What are the showtimes for the 1st of March?
I'm in Redwood City. Are there any Adventure movies playing at Century Redwood City?
On March 4th.
I'm looking for a movie at CineLux Tennant Station.
Something in Adventure at Morgan Hill, a regular show.
Shazam sounds good, what times are there for Monday next week?
Look in Santa Rosa.
What time is After playing later today?
I'm looking for a movie to see preferably in Livermore.
I'd like to see High Life. I'd like to see a 3d show. What time could I see it?
The day after tomorrow.
Find movies in the Santa Rosa area please.
Eh, I kind of want to watching something a little more regular. Can you find what is playing at the Airport Stadium Cinemas?
I plan on going to the theater Friday next week.
Find me please a movie to watch at Airport Stadium Cinemas
In Santa Rosa search me please.
It will be perfect for me to watch on next Friday.
Hey, I want a movie. Find me one in San Ramon, please. A good one this time!
Cool, but find some other ones too please. I love Adventure movies.
Yeah, I heard of that one! I want to see Shazam then. What showtimes are there today? Actually I'm free on the 2nd.
I prefer Union City.
Can you find some other choices? I prefer an adventure movie at Century Union Landing.
I would like to see it at an imax show on March 4th.
Please find me a non-fiction movie at the Roxie Theater.
Please search in the San Francisco area.
No. That's ok. I'm interested in the time for a regular show.
Let's try the day after tomorrow.
Can you help me find an adventure movie showing in concord?
I'd like to go watch it next wednesday.
I'm looking for a 3d movie in Brentwood.
No. Also, you can look at any theatre.
On the 7th.
I'm really bored. Can you find me a movie to watch in Union City?
Hotel Mumbai! Yes! Will there be a showing at Century Union Landing?
I am looking for movies in San Ramon.
I am not interested in those, are there any Adventure movies?
What are the schedules for the movie on the 2nd of March?
I wanna find a movie to watch. Can you search for movies in Alameda?
Nope, not now. What time can I watch it? I wanna watch it at Alameda Theatre & Cineplex. Any type of show is fine.
I wanna watch it on the 1st.
I want to watch a Suspense movie at Century Cinemas.
Century Cinemas is in San Leandro.
I want to go on March 3rd.
Yes. Search in San Bruno.
I want to want at Century at Tanforan, find some other movies.
I want to watch on 1st of this month.
Can you check for a regular showing of a horror movie in Redwood City.
Please check the 1st of this month.
Can you help me find a Comic movie?
I also like drama movies. Can you find a movie in Sebastopol?
Can you find other movies? I want to see an IMAX movie at Rialto Cinemas.
March 1st.
Life is very enthuastic and energitic , i need to enjoy it almost every moment in my life. Will you find a movie to watch? Any type of movies is opt for me.
Find movies in San Francisco area?
I want it on Saturday this week.
whether any other time is available and i need to watch a imax show and need to watch at Embarcadero Center Cinema.
Can you help me find Biographical movies to watch? It's been a while since I've seen one in the theatre.
I'm looking for movies in Morgan Hill.
Breakthrough is perfect. Are there any times for the 3rd?
Can you try March 1st at CineLux Tennant Station?
Can you find me an Imax movie Show?
search for me in Sebastopol.
make a search for 1st of this month.
Find me a movie in Santa Clara.
I'm planning on going to see it on the 4th of this month, as I have off from work. I'm hoping to catch the imax show at AMC Mercado.
I want to watch a a imax movie. I love the Ghost movies.
Show me movies for Mountain View.
Tomorrow at Century Cinema
I'm searching for movies to watch. I prefer Drama movies
Could you search for movies in Menlo Park.
What time can I see it? I want to watch on the 9th and a 3d show.
Pleasant Hill.
Anything else? I am looking for Scary movies.
Curse of La Llorona sounds great. Is it playing on 6th of March?
I'd like to see the movie in Union City, and I'd like it to be a Thriller movie.
I'd like to see it on March 2nd, and I want it to be a 3d show.
Somewhere in San Fran.
Tell me what is showing at the CineLux Tennant Station in Morgan Hill.
Not right now. What times are available. I'd liek to see it in Imax if possible.
On the 1st of March.
Can you search for movies shown in Sonoma?
I want to watch the movie on 9th of this month, can you tell me the timing?
Can you find movies being shown in Vallejo?
Do you know the time I can watch it? I want it to be an imax show.
Probably later today.
Make it San Bruno
No. Maybe look at the Century at Tanforan
I'll go on March 1st, a regular screening
What are some movies I can watch in Hayward?
What time can I watch it on Wednesday next week?
I'm looking for a movie to watch at THE LOT City Center.
I'm in San Ramon, so search for movies near there.
I'm not interested in any of those, can search some more. And I want to watch the movie in imax.
No, don't get me tickets. But can you tell me what time I can see it. I want to see it on March 1st?
I am looking for a regular movie to watch.
Search for Morgan Hill.
March 1st please.
I will have some free time coming up and am thinking I might go see a movie. What movies are showing in Alameda at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
No, are there any adventure movies showing in 3d?
I will probably be going on the 2nd.
I love adventure movies a lot and I want to see one of those. Can you find me a movie like that in San Jose? Preferably IMAX too, please.
I want to watch it on the 1st of this month. Are there any good showtimes at AMC Saratoga?
Look for movies shown in Martinez
Find other movies and any type of show
I want to watch it today
I want to find a Suspense movie to watch in Moraga.
Not right now. What time can I watch it at Rheem Theatre?
I want to see it on the 2nd.
Please search for movies showing at the Pruneyard Cinemas in Campbell.
What time can I watch an imax show?
March 2nd would be perfect.
I want to find a 3d movie.
I'll be in Brentwood. Could you look for movies there?
We'll be ready to watch it on the 1st of March.
I enjoy documentary movies. Are you able to look for movies showing in Morgan Hill?
No, not right now. What is the time that I can see it? I want to see it on the 3rd.
I live in San Bruno.
I would love to see Dumbo! Can I see it this Saturday?
I'd like to find a movie to watch. I like all movies.
Can you help me find movies showing in Newark?
I'd like to watch it on the 5th.
I'd like to go somewhere in Oakland.
I'd like something else. I forgot to mention but I'm into Comic movies.
I'd like to go on the 7th.
Please can you look for a good movie to watch for this week end, might be in San Jose?
Do you mean the adventurous movies? Nope, Please find something else for I like all kinds if its good to watch.
Yup, Little would be perfect. What time is the show? Do they have 3d shows? Will tickets be available to watch at CineLux Almaden?
Probably, on March 8th.
Hello, could you help me find a movie currently showing in Oakland?
What are the showtimes for this movie at New Parkway Theater?
I would like to watch it on 5th of March.
I want to go out to watch a movie in San Francisco, can you search for options?
Please keep searching. I'd like to see a drama at the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
Red Joan is perfect! What time can I see a 3d show on March 5th?
I would like to see a movie at the AMC Bay Street.
Please search for movies in Emeryville.
No. Please search for a Comic imax show.
I would like to watch the movie Friday next week.
I'd like to watch a movie at Reading Cinemas Rohnert Park.
I'm in Rohnert Park. Please find me a scary movie.
No, not at the moment. What are the available times for March 1st?
My brother and I want to go see an adventure movie, can you help find one?
Alameda is a good half way point between my brother and I , let's search there.
What time is the movie playing at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
How about tomorrow.
find me a movie to watch please. Any show will work
please search Mill Valley for movies.
How about on the 1st.
Santa Rosa. Any good movies around here?
What time is After playing? I would like to see a regular show at Roxy Stadium Cinemas.
Preferably, the 1st of this month.
Its Santa Clara, so please search for movies nearby.
Is there anything else, any type of movie will do.
I want to watch it at AMC Mercado, on the 4th of this month.
Search for movies in Vallejo.
the 2nd of this month.
Look for movies in San Fran.
What else is there? I want to see an imax movie.
The 1st of this month at Presidio Theatre.
Please search for movies in San Francisco.
I want to watch something different like a 3D show. And I want to see it at Century San Francisco Centre.
How about Thursday next week.
I am in San Francisco.
I want another movie. Any theater in Moraga is fine.
I want to see it tomorrow.
Is there another time? I want to see it on the 5th of this month.
I am feeling bored. Is there any Fantasy movies laying?
I want to see the movie in San Fran.
I would like to see it on the 9th of this month.
I want to go out in Petaluma, can you see what movies there are?
Can you see what else there is? I'm in the mood for adventure films. Can you look at Boulevard Cinema?
The 4th of this month
I'm in San Jose, please find me a movie to watch around here.
Breakthrough sounds great, thanks. I'd like to see it in 3D, when is it on?
On the 3rd of this month, if possible.
I'd like to look for a film to watch. I like adventure films.
Could you look for films shown in Napa?
I'd love Captain Marvel. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch a regular show.
I'd like to watch it on the day after tomorrow.
I'm in Larkspur.
No, not yet. But what time will I be able to watch a regular show?
I want to watch it on March 7th.
I prefer movies shown in Santa Rosa.
No thank you. Can you search for movies showing at Century at Tanforan in San Bruno.
Can you please list other movies? I'd prefer a regular show.
On the 5th please.
I want all kinds of movies
Find movies in San Leandro
I wanna watch at the Century Cinemas
I wanna see it on the 2nd
I feel good right now and would like to watch a movie. Can you search for movies shown in San Bruno?
Can you search for another one? I would like to watch Century at Tanforan.
What time is the movie available on Tuesday next week?
I want a 3d movie to watch.
Can you search in San Jose?
Find something else. Can you show what is on in Union City?
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it on? I want to watch at Century Union Landing.
I want to see it this Saturday.
Find me movies showing around Brentwood.
Find me some other movies showing at AMC Brentwood.
What's the showtime for Pet Sematary on next Tuesday?
Can you search for movies in Santa Rosa.
Please find some other movies at Airport Stadium Cinemas.
I want to watch 3d show on 1st of March
I want to see a movie in San Fran.
I'd prefer something else, in Menlo Park, any theater.
The 9th of March.
Look in Morgan Hill.
What time later today is Pet Sematary playing?
My friends came to my house and i am in joyful mood .will you find any adventure movies to watch along with my friends?
find any movies which is shown in Daly City?
Can you tell me the time i shall able to watch that movie on 4th of March at Century Daly City?
I would like to watch a regular show. Please search in San Jose.
I would like to know what time it's playing at the West Wind Capitol Drive-in?
Look up for 1st of March please.
I want to watch a movie at Sonoma Cinema.
I want to find movies in Sonoma.
Are there any other movies? I want to watch something in 3d.
Shazam! sounds great! I want to watch in Tuesday next week. What times are there?
I want to go out to watch a movie, can you find me some good shows in Pleasant Hill?
I like the sound of The Curse of La Llorona. What time can I watch it if I want to see a regular show at Century Downtown?
I want to watch it on 6th of this month.
Find me movies in Morgan Hill.
Find me something else like a regular show.
No, now right now. I want to see it at CineLux Tennant Station on the 4th of this month. What time is it playing then?
Show me movies in Santa Clara. I would prefer a regular show.
I think Dumbo sounds great. What are the timings for it and I want to see it on the 1st.
I'd like a location in San Ramon.
I'd like a Ghost movie. Can you find anything else?
Do you know screening times for this movie for Saturday this week.
Any other showtimes? I'd prefer watching it in 3d at Regal Crow Canyon.
Could you look in Union City?
It will be on the 7th of this month.
I am in Alameda.
March 2nd please.
I would like to see a Fantasy movie.
I want to see a movie in Mountain View.
I would like to see Dumbo. What time is it showing at ShowPlace ICON?
Any time on the 1st of March
My friend and I are looking for a movie to go to. What movies are showing in San Rafael?
Actually, what time is the movie. I want to see it in an imax theater.
I am hoping to go on the 1st of March.
I am looking for movies being show in San Jose.
No, find some other movies. Search for movies being shown in Santa Rosa instead. Any type of movie is fine.
What time can I watch it on March 2nd at 3rd Street Cinema.
I would like to find a movie to watch in Sonoma.
I want to watch a 3d showing of it on the 5th of March.
search for movies shown in SFO
I would like to see it tomorrow
I wanna see Embarcadero Center Cinema and in imax
Could you find films shown in San Ramon for me?
Please look for other films. I would like to watch at The Lot City Center.
Little is the one for me. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch it today.
I want to go to the movies. Is there something in theaters in Newark?
I want to go the 1st of this month.
Around SFO would be good.
Body Double sounds good. What time is it showing on the 15th of March at the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema
Could you help search for movies shown in Livermore?
Could you help find movies of the Adventure genre?
I would like to watch it on the 2nd.
I would like to find the movie at AMC Mercado
In Santa Clara and would like to watch a regular show.
Can you fin another movie.
On Saturday this week.
I have a lot of leisure time and i am going to make use of it. Will you find a movie to watch? Actually i like Drama kind of movies
Is it possible to check for movies shown in Albany? I need to watch a regular show.
Ok Red Joan is perfect. Please tell the time to watch it. I prefer the date is on the 5th
I'd like to go to the AMC NewPark.  Can you tell me what movies are showing in Newark?
I want to see Captain Marvel.  Are tickets available on the 3rd?  I'd rather see it in 3d.
I am in the Santa Clara area.
What time does Hotel Mumbai play at AMC Mercado IMAX?
I want to go see it today.
At the Concord area. I want to watch an Adventure movie at the Veranda Luxe Cinema. 
Sometime on the 6th of this month. 
I've always been interested in edwards fairfield. are there any biographical movies showing?
Can you do a search for any movies in fairfield?
The 2nd of March would be great and if you could book a regular show that would be even better!
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
I'm specifically looking for movies in Fremont. 
I'm interested in Hotel Mumbai, thanks. What are the times this movie is available? I'd like to watch a regular show. 
Tomorrow would be great, thanks. 
I would like to watch a movie in 3d from the Drama movie genre that I like.
Could you find me movies in Menlo Park?
I think I would like to see it on March 9th.
I want to find a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield.
Please search for movies shown in Fairfield.
I want to watch The Curse of La Llorona.  What time is an imax show available on March 1st?
Can you search for movies at Stanford Theatre around Palo Alto?
How about the 5th of this month?
I would like to watch a Biographical movie near Morgan Hill.
No, not now. I want to watch it at regular show times at CineLux Tennant Station. What time can I watch it?
This Sunday.
I like crime movies. Can you search for movies shown in San Francisco?
What times do they have available for me to watch it? I want to watch it This Saturday. I want to watch a Imax Show. 
I want to watch it at Century at Hayward. 
What times could I watch it? Are there any imax shows?
I want to watch it this Saturday.
I really enjoy Biographical movies and was thinking of watching Century at Hayward.
No. I would like to watch it on the 7th, and nothing fancy a regular show please.
Can you find me an IMAX showing of a comedy movie?
Search for movies in the San Francisco Area, specifically at the Balboa Theatre.
I want to watch the movie on 15th of March, are there any timing available on that day?
I'd like to see a Fantasy movie, what is playing at Contra Costa in Martinez?
I was thinking a regular showing on March 8th would be good. 
I was thinking about seeing a 3d movie at the Lark Theater. Can you search for the movies playing in Larkspur right now?
I want to see it Friday next week.
I want to find Animation movies that are 3d showing in Santa Rosa tonight.
Tomorrow please.
I'm looking for a comedy to watch in San Jose at the AMC Saratoga. What movies are available?
I want to go on the 2nd of March.
I am in San Jose. Also I want to see a 3D movie.
Yes, please find me some other movies. I want to see something at CineLux Almaden.
March 5th.
I like Horror movies and would also like to see a movie in Concord. Can you search for one there?
I am thinking of going on March 2nd and I would like to see it at Veranda LUXE Cinema.
Make it movies in Santa Clara
I'll see it this Saturday
A friend and I want to see an imax show at CineLux Tennant Station. What movies are out?
What fantasy movies are being shown in Morgan Hill?
No, not right now. What times is it playing on March 2nd?
I'mm interested in seeing an imax movie in Petaluma.
I plan on seeing it on the 2nd of March.
I am currently at Sebastopol, could you find for movies currently showing in this area?
What are the show times available for this movie? Would it be possible on the March 5th for a 3d version of this movie?
I'm in Livermore.
No, not right now. I want to watch it on Tuesday next week, at Livermore Cinema.
I really want to find a movie to watch. I was thinking we could go to an imax show.
What movies are showing in Fremont?
Shazam! sounds great. What time is it showing on the 8th of March?
can you search for movies shown in San Jose.i like Adventure movies.
I like Documentary movies. could you try again?
Can you search for moveis shown SFO. I want to watch at Roxie Theater. Please find some other movies.
I want to watch a regular show. I want to want it on 3rd of this month.
Hey, I'm looking for a movie to watch in Oakland. Is there anything available?
Please find some different movies. Any showing is fine.
March 7th, please.
I'm currently looking at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. I want to watch a movie on a big imax screen. Can you find some good movies in the San Francisco area?
Yeah, Knock Down The House sounds good. When does this movie start? I want to go see it on the 8th of March.
I need to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
Can you find a movie shown in SFO.
I like to watch it on 9th of this month.
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Livermore Cinema.
Are you able to find movies playing at Livermore?
After sounds great! I plan on watching it on the 2nd of this month. Can you tell me what time is the showing?
Could you help me finding a movie to watch in Union City, please?
could you please find me something else, like a scary movie at Century Union Landing?
Curse of La Llorona is perfect. What time can I watch a imax on the 7th
Find me a good flick in SFO.
Nah. Find me something regular.
Keep going. I'm flexible.
On March 1st.
I am in Brentwood, there are a few theaters. What movies are around here?
I don't like those options. Show me imax shows.
CineLux Delta Cinema Saver is the closest theater I think. I want to see it on March 2nd.
I want to find a movie to watch, Can you search for the movies shown in Petaluma?
No, I don't want to purchase now. What time can I watch it? I want to watch a 3d show.
I want to watch is on March 4th. I want to watch at Boulevard Cinema
I need to find a movie to watch in Livermore. I'd like to see an imax show.
Look for something else. Something regular.
Not right now. When is it showing at Vine Cinema?
I'd like to see it on the 2nd of this month.
I'd like to discover a film to watch. Can you search for San Bruno shown films.
How long can I watch it? Every theater is okay.
I'm waiting to see it on 2nd of March .
I live in Walnut Creek.
Not right now? I just want to know showtimes on March 2nd.
Hi. I want to find a comedy movie to watch at Century Oakridge. Can you help me with that?
I'm in San Jose.
No, I don't want to purchase tickets now. But can you tell me when I can see it? I want to see it in 3d next Tuesday.
What movies are showing in San Jose? I really want to go see a movie.
Nah, those aren't what I'm looking for. What imax shows are out?
Oh, sorry. I would like to see it on the 9th of March.
I'm in Union City, can you suggest any movies there?
I want to watch a regular showing on the 5th.
Can you show me movies shown in Morgan Hill.
No, I want to watch it on Sunday this week. What times is it showing?
I want to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
No thanks. I like fantasy movies. Can you now search in Campbell?
On the 2nd.
Im looking to watch a movie that is in 3d.
I want to watch the movie at Boulevard Cinema. Can you find movies that are showing in Petaluma? I enjoy comedy movies.
I would like to watch the movie on the 4th.
Hey, I want to go see a movie. Any theater is cool for me.
I am in Santa Rosa and want the closest theater. What movies are there now?
Find some more options, please. I want to see 3rd Street Cinema.
Yes, The Upside is what I want to see then. What are the showtimes for today?
Brentwood, please. I'd like to watch an Adventure movie at AMC Brentwood.
Not at the moment. I'd like to watch an imax show, what are the available times?
March 2nd, please.
I would like to watch a regular show at the Century at Tanforan. Could you make the search for movies in San Bruno?
The 5th of this month would be perfect.
I am looking for a 3d suspense movie in Santa Clara.
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it showing at AMC Mercado?
the 1st please.
It's movie night! I'm trying to decide what to watch. Can you find movies shown in Sonoma?
I'd like to see it on March 5th.
I'm looking for a movie to watch tonight. My favorites are scary movies.
A theater in Berkeley would be most convenient.
I want to go sometime today. I think the United Artists Berkeley would be the closest to where I am.
Can you find a funny movie for me at AMC Brentwood?
Find a 3d movie in Brentwood.
I want to go later today.
Is there another show time? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
Find movies in Larkspur
Not now, what times are available and any theatre is fine.
1st of this month
I would like to find a 3d movie to watch.
Could you search for movies playing in Union City. Preferably at Century Union Landing.
No, I don't want to buy tickets now. What times are the movies playing? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I haven't seen a new movie a months. Can you find me an Imax show in Campbell to watch?
Can you tell me if it's playing on the 2nd at Pruneyard cinemas?
I'm looking for a Comedy to watch in a theatre today, can you help me pick one?
I'm in Oakland right now.
Not really - can you find some others? I'd like to go to the New Parkway Theater, a regular show, nothing 3D, they make me queasy.
I'm thinking the 7th of this month.
I want to go to the movies. Find me a drama
In Sebastopol
I want to see Hackers on the 7th of this month. What time does it play?
I would like it in San Bruno.
This Saturday at Century at Tanforan.
Search for movies being shown in Newark.
Can you find some other movies at AMC NewPark.
Find some other movies, any type of movie is fine.
What time can I watch the movie on the 2nd?
My friend and I want to watch a movie at Century Daly City
I am in Daly City - can you find Adventure movies for us?
Shazam! sounds good! What times are available on the 4th of March?
I want to watch a imax show for movies in Fremont.And I want to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
I like adventure movies.Please find some other movies.
Shazam! is perfect.I want to watch it on Friday next week . What time can I watch it?
I am in Vallejo
I want to watch Captain Marvel. What time do they have available
I want to watch on March 2nd
I'm on Oakland. Can you show me movies from here?
I changed my mind. Can you show me regular shows?
It's not necessary to buy now. What time on March 1st can I watch it?
Please look for a movie in Emeryville.
Yes, Teen Spirit would be great. What time is an imax showing playing?
I want to see the movie on the 1st of this month please.
San Francisco.
On the 15th.
My friend and I are looking to watch a movie later. Can you find movies in Walnut Creek?
We would like to see Little. Is there any times available for Tuesday next week?
Please can you look for some good movies in Santa Rosa of Sonoma County?
Not exactly for the debut movies but might for the latest one. Please can you suggest some other movies? If you can find the one shown in Oakland, that would be perfect.
Nope, I would like to watch Funny movies especially a imax show. Please can you find any such movies?
I will be available on March 9th. That day would work.
in Pleasant Hill, Is there any nice movie you can find here?
Yes, I need to clarify, at what time, I can watch this movie on 2nd of this month.
I'm in Brentwood
Long Shot sounds perfect. What are the show times? I would like to watch a 3d show.
I prefer the 1st of March.
I am looking for a movie to watch. Can you find movies that are showing in Morgan Hill?
Please look for other movies. Are you able to do a search for movies in Emeryville? I would like to see something in IMax.
Teen Spirit will be perfect. What time will I be able to watch it? I would like to see it at AMC Bay Street?
I would like to see it today?
Can you search around Sebastopol?
Can I have some more options? And can you search in Union City?
9th of March.
I'm in Berkeley. Any good movies here?
I would like to go today.
I'd like to see a movie at Century Rowland Plaza.
I'd like to see an imax movie in Novato.
I'd like to see it on March 1st.
Can you search in Brentwood.
Please find some other movies in San Ramon. Any theatre is fine.
I want to watch 3d show, pls find other movies
No. I want to watch on 2nd of March. What time can i watch?
Can you find me a movie to watch at CineLux Tennant Station
Look for movies in Morgan Hill
Captain Marvel sounds perf. What Time can I watch? I want a regular show time
On march 7th.
I'd like to a show. Can you help me find a 3d movie near me?
I'm in Cloverdale.
I'd like to see it on the 2nd.
I feel like watching a movie. What's available in San Jose?
Can you search for other ones? Something at CineLux Almaden.
The Curse of La Llorona is great. What time is it available in March 5th?
This week, I have a lot to do and meeting to attend. I think I'll deserve some time to relax and watch a movie, something I could really use your help choosing. I want to see a Non-fiction movie that I can watch on imax. You have any ideas for me?
Please recommend a movie that's showing in San Bruno.
Please set the date for the 8th of March.
I want to find movies in San Ramon.
I want to see it on Saturday this week.
What's the address for Cinelux Tennant Station?
Do you know which movies are showing in Morgan Hill?
Is there a imax show nearby?
March 2nd is perfect for me.
I want to watch a movie in San Francisco.
Find some comic movies. I want to watch at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
I want to watch tomorrow.
Look for movies shown in SFO.
I want to watch it at Embarcadero Center Cinema on the 2nd of this month.
A fun movie is on the agenda for our upcoming family night out. It's kind of a big deal because we're still celebrating graduation, and we want to see a movie that's 3d, lighthearted and rated for all ages. What's your take on a movie recommendation, please?
How about a search in San Ramon. Any kind of movie is fine, just as long as it's fun.
Okay, I expect we'll go see the movie on the 5th at THE LOT City Center.
I want movies shown in Union City.
I prefer tomorrow at Century Union Landing. Whatever type of show is absolutely fine.
Search for movies in SFO please.
Can you find some other movies? I like the War genre.
Aftermath sounds great! What are the showtimes for IMAX showings?
I want to see it on the 1st.
Can you help me find movies in Oakland?
I'd like to see it at New Parkway Theater on the 10th of March.
It will be fine in SFO
Try some other particularly in Vallejo, imax show.
On 2nd of March.
Yeah, I have changed the date to March 1st and at Century Vallejo.
Find theaters playing 3D movies in San Jose.
Find Drama movies on imax.
This Saturday.
I am going to watch a movie at the Piedmont Theatre
Have you tried searching for movies in Oakland
I will purchase a ticket later what time will be good so I can watch a imax show
How about the 7th of March
What are some flicks in Oakland?
Dr. Strangelove sounds good. I don't care about the theater, but what times are available?
I'd like to catch it on the 10th.
Search for movies only shown in Vacaville.
Try to find movies shown in Albany.
On the 5th at Albany Twin will be good.
Please find a movie in San Francisco.
Please check the showtimes for this Saturday.
Is it on at any other times? I'd actually like to go to the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
I need the movies being shown in Brentwood.
No, something else. An imax show is what I am looking for.
I am planning to watch it on March 2nd.
Search for movies at Menlo Park.
I would like to see it March 9th.
Is it available at another time? How about on March 4th?
Find movies in SF.
I want a 3D showing, on March 2nd, at the Vogue Theatre.
I wish to see a move at AMC NewPark.
Kindly find a movie in Newark.
Could you please search for some other movies? I wish to see a Fantasy movie at imax show.
I wish to see it on the 1st.
Can you search a comic movie for me?
I am in Santa Clara, can you search here?
search for March 11th.
I would like to watch a horror movie.
Search for movies in San Jose area
Tuesday next week would be best
Can you find movies in Martinez?
The 9th of this month and I would like a regular show.
I would like to go to Vine Cinema in Livermore.
I would like to watch it on the 3rd.
I would like to search for movies in Santa Rosa, please.
I would like to watch the movie at any theater today.
I want movies in Vacaville.
Not right now. What time can I see the show? I want to watch a regular show.
I want to watch it tomorrow.
I'd like to find a movie to watch at Century San Francisco Centre.
Help me find movies showing in San Francisco.
How about next Thursday?
In Vacaville please
No I want something else. What's playing in San Bruno. I don't care which theater.
On the 2nd of this month. Does it come in imax?
The Redwood City
the Century Redwood city the March 1st
San Rafael, please. I'd like to see a Drama movie.
March 1st, please.
Can you search Larkspur for Drama movies?
Lets go see Transit, What time is it? Ill go to any theater.
Next Tuesday is when i want to see it.
I want to find a movie to watch at AMC Saratoga.
Search for 3d movies in San Jose.
Please find movies in Union City.
Could you find some other movies? I prefer Adventure movies.
I wish to see it on March 4th.
Are there any good movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I would like to see it on March 2nd in a 3d showing.
I feel like going to the movies. I'd like to go see a 3d movie at Guild Theatre.
Can you look for films which are playing in Menlo Park?
Red Joan sounds great. What time is it playing on March 9th?
Search for movies playing right now in Napa.
Let's go with Sunday this week.
Comedy movies are my favorites.Search for me movies shown in SF .I would love to watch a imax show.
I want to watch at Century San Francisco Centre the movie Missing Link .At what time can it be?
I would like to be on 1st of this month.
I would like to see a movie in Santa Rosa.
Dumbo would be great, what are the playing times on March 1st at any theater.
I'm looking for movies in Santa Clara.
What time is the movie showing at AMC Mercado?
Wednesday next week.
I am in Oakland, so can you find me any nearby movies?
I am interested in seeing something else, preferably at the Regal Jack London.
The Best of Enemies sounds good to watch, can you tell me 3d showtimes for Saturday this week?
I'd like to watch a movie at THE LOT City Center.
Look for movies plating San Ramon.
I'm looking forward to seeing it on the 1st.
Can you find movies in Albany?
Next Tuesday please.
I would like to go to an Imax movie, can you find me a Comedy to watch?
I'm located in Oakland.
Gloria Bell would be good - I'd like to see it on the 9th of this month, what time does it start at?
I want to find a movie to watch at Century Walnut Creek.
Can you search for movies shown in Walnut Creek? I'd like to watch a regular show.
No, not now. What are the viewing times and dates? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I would like to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
I would like to watch it on the 1st of March.
I'm in Santa Rosa. I'm in the mood for a fantasy movie.
I want to go on 6th of March, to a regular show at 3rd Street cinema.
I'm in San Francisco. What's available?
No, I want something else please. Any theater will do.
Please find something else. I'm interested in drama movies. Are there any regular showings available?
I am looking for showtimes on the 17th.
I want to see a movie in San Bruno. What's available?
No, what else is there? I want to see a regular show.
What time is it? I want to go to Century at Tanforan.
I'd like to go on the 1st.
I want to watch a movie in SF
I want Horror movies
I am available to watch on 7th of this month
Can you search movies in San Ramon.
I would like Scary movies. I would like to watch THE LOT City Center.
Can you find some other movies, I like all kinds.
I would like to see Little. I would like to watch it on March 1st.
I like Biographical movies, can you search for movies shown in Vallejo? I want to watch a 3d show.
Monday next week would be superb. I'd prefer to see it at Century Vallejo
What's showing in San Jose?
What time is it showing at CineLux Almaden?
I am available on the 3rd.
I would like to go to a movie in San Ramon. Can you tell me what movies are playing?
The 9th is the date I am looking to watch it.
Can you do a search for me? I'm looking for 3d movies in San Jose.
I'm in San Ramon, please find a movie there.
No, I don't need tickets right away. What time is their imax showing?
Please check the 9th of this month.
Find me movies in Union City.
I'd like to watch it on the 7th of March.
I'd like to see an imax show at Century at Pacific Commons. I want to watch it.
Can you check for a movie in Fremont?
When can I see it on the 8th of March?
Please look for movies in SFO.
Please find some other options in imax.
What time is the showtimes on March 1st?
Can you find all movies in Pleasant Hill?
On the 2nd of this month, I want to watch a 3d movie. Can you tell me what 3d movies are playing near me?
Hey, they got any Fantasy movies playing at THE LOT City Center?
Look in San Ramon.
The 1st of this month. Look for the 3d version.
I want to watch movie. Any kind of movie works for me.
Can you find movies playing in Martinez.
Missing Link is great! What time I see it? I want to see it on the 1st of March at Contra Costa.
Can you find me movies shown in Emeryville
Please find some more movies. I would like to watch at AMC Bay Street for a 3d show.
Pet Sematary is so good. What time can I watch it? My preferred date is March 8th.
Could you try once? I wanna watch it on Saturday this week.
Find me a regular movie to watch.
I am in Concord.
I want to see it on March 1st.
I want to find a movie to watch. I want to watch a regular show.
Can you search for movies shown in SF.
I want to watch it on 2nd of March.
My husband and I want to watch a 3d movie. Where is the closest place?
I'm in San Jose. Can you look around there?
No, Sunday this week when we have a babysitter. We want the CineLux Almaden.
I would love to see a 3d show in Menlo Park.Can you help me find one?
It will be great to watch at Guild Theatre,tell me please at what time can I watch it.
In 9th of this month it will be great for me.
I wish to watch a movies shown in Morgan Hill. So Find it in that place.
No, Not at all. Please search for other movies. Will you search for movies shown in Union City and I like to watch at Century Union Landing location.
No, Not interested . Find some other movies, will you find me 3d movies
At what time i shall able to watch that movie? Whether i could able to watch it on 2nd of this month.
Can you find me a 3D movie to watch?
Please find me movies in Brentwood.
I don't like those. Show me movies in Pleasant Hill.
I'd like to see it on 2nd of March.
I am in Antioch, can you search for nearby movies?
I am more interested in fantasy movies, can you give me movie recommendations for the AMC Deer Valley?
I want to see the movie on the 4th of this month.
Can you search a movie shown in Palo Alto? I want to watch a movie.
Pillow Talk sounds good. What time is the movie?
I am planning to watch a regular show on 5th of this month.
I am looking for a movie in Alameda.
Give me some more choices please Check the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex for an imax show.
Next Friday would be perfect for me.
I really want to watch a Fantasy movie. Is there anything available?
I'm in Campbell. I'd like to go to Pruneyard Cinemas.
I want to watch the imax show next Friday.
Please search for movies showing in Mill Valley.
Please find out the screening times for 3d shows.
Yes, I'd love to watch it later today.
I am planning to catch a movie with my friend later. Can you recommend a 3d movie?
I want to know what movies are showing in Emeryville. I am particularly interested in movies of the Thriller genre.
I would like to catch the movie on 8th of March. Can you find me the screen times for this show on that date?
Can you find me a 3d show at the Guild Theatre at Menlo Park?
Red Joan will work. what times are avaliable for the 9th of this month.
Can you tell me what movies are playing at Century Cinemas?
In San Leandro. I'd like to watch the 3d show.
Breakthrough sound great! I'd like to watch it on the 2nd. What time is it playing?
Can you look for movies in Livermore?
No thanks. I like adventure movies and I want to watch an Imax show.
2nd of March.
How about Friday next week at Livermore Cinema?
I want to watch a 3d movice in Emeryville.
I want to watch the movie on the 8th at AMC Bay Street.
Hi, I would like to search for movies currently shown at Albany Twin.
I would prefer movies shown in Albany.
Not yet, what are the available time slots for this movie next Tuesday?
Can you find me a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield?
Sure. Search any kind of movies in Fairfield.
I'd particularly like a 3d movie.
No, not at this moment? At what time is it screening? I'd like to go on the 1st of this month.
Can you help me search for movies that are playing in Emeryville?
I like Comedy movies, can you please help me find one?
Missing Link is perfect. What time would I be able to watch it? I would like to watch it on the 8th of this month.
I want to watch something in Imax in San Francisco
I don't really like any of those. How about some Drama films? I want to watch it at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
The Mustang sounds good. What are the times if I want to watch it Wednesday next week?
I want to find a movie to watch. I like comic movies. I want to watch at Century Napa Valley.
I want to watch a 3D show. Can you search for movies in Napa?
I want to watch it on the 1st of March.
I am interested in watching adventure movies in imax show.
I want you to have a search for movies which are shown in walnut creek
I feel Shazam is good for me and i want to watch it in Century Walnut Creek and what is the show time?
I am interested in watching the movie on Monday next week.
I want to watch in San Ramon
On 2nd of this month.
Can you search for movies in San Jose.
I want to watch 3 Below Theaters and lounge.
Mary Magdalene is good I would like to watch it this Saturday a imax show.
Check what's playing in Union City please.
I wanted to go to the movies next Thursday.
Look for movies in San Jose.
No, can you find an imax show in Concord?
I want to see it on Wednesday next week.
I'm looking for something to do with my evening. What movies are showing in San Jose?
I'm thinking today at the AMC Eastridge.
I want to watch a movie in Union City.
I want to watch a Scary movie in imax.
I want to see it on March 7th.
I want to watch a movie that's been shown in Fairfield.
No.I'll buy tickets later. Can you find a 3d show?
The 1st of this month.
San Jose, so search for movies there.
Actually, Breakthrough sounds great. I want to see it on the 3rd so what times is it playing then?
Can you find me a movie? I'm in the mood for action
In Oakland please
The day after tomorrow please
I want to watch a Rom-com movie.
I am looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
I want to go on the 1st.
I'm looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
No. What's showing at Summerfield Cinemas?
I'm looking for an imax show this Saturday.
I'm in Oakland.
I wanna watch it on 1st of this month.
I want to see it at Century Union Landing. What movies are playing in Union City?
I'd like to see it on Saturday this week.
I want the see the 3d version on the 1st of this month. Is it showing then?
I want to watch a movie at AMC Bay Street
Searc in Emeryville, please
Yes, I want to watch a imax show: what time is it?
On later today
I think that I want to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
Does SF have any movies showing?
I think we should do Suburban Birds. I think I want something regular on the 17th. Do you have any times?
Can you look for movies in SF.
Can you please look for some other movies, I'd like to see an imax show.
Can you find some other movies I'd like to go see them at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. Any kind of movie will do.
Oh yeah, what time is the movie? I'd like to watch it on the 8th?
I like Ghost movies. Search for movies in San Jose.
I want to see it Tuesday next week
Can you tell me which movies are playing at Lark Theater, please. I'd like to find a good one to watch.
Search for movies in Larkspur.
Shine a light sounds perfect. When is it screening? Any show type is OK.
I'd like the 1st of March, if possible.
I would like to see a movie in San Ramon.
I am more in to adventure movies. Could you look for some different movies. Also, I would like to watch at THE LOT City Center.
I would like to watch the regular showing next Monday. What time do they have available, then?
I would like to see a thriller movie located in Brentwood.
What are the show times at AMC Brentwood?
Definitely on March 5th. Is it available
Can you show me movies in San Jose.
No they don't sound like my cup of tea. What about a 3d film.
I want to go next Friday.
Would you look for theaters around Emeryville? That's where we're eating.
I'd like to see something at the AMC Bay Street. Preferably a comic book-type movie. If you can find one of those, that would be great!
I forgot. I wanted to see it on Imax and March 8th would be the date.
Please search for movies in downtown San Fran.
I want to know when I can go see that movies. What are the regular show times?
I would like to see this movie on the 2nd.
Can you tell me what's on in San Francisco.
What time is it playing on 3rd of March.
I want to find an imax movie to watch later tonight.
I am located near Hillsborough.
I'd like to try and watch it on the 1st of March.
San Jose. I want to watch a regular show.
No, something else, in 3D, please.
On the 3rd.
I like Life history movies and want to find a movie to watch. I would like to watch Century at Hayward.
Please find movies in Hayward.
Breakthrough sounds great. What time is it available to watch? I am interested in a regular show.
I want to see it on the 7th.
I would like to watch a 3d movie.
I would like movies in Petaluma.
No not at present. What time is it on? I am interested in showing on the 4th at Boulevard Cinema.
I would like hear about movies being played in Brentwood.
No not right now, can I have the show times and can you look for the movie in 3d?
I would like to watch a imax show on the 2nd of this month.
I feel like being spooked out. Can you help me find some scary movies?
Please look for movies showing in Campbell.
The Curse of La Llorona works good for me. What time is it showing? I'd like to go on the 9th.
I want to find a comedy movie. Search for movies now showing in Oakland.
Let's try something else. I want a regular show. Something like a Biographical movie.
No, not right now. What time does it play? I also want to watch Regal Jack London next Friday.
I want to watch a movie, can you search for movies shown in San Jose.
I want to go on the 11th, at 3 Below Theaters And Lounge.
Can you find for movies shown in Santa Clara.
I like to watch imax show on 1st of March.
I wanna go to the cinema. I don't mind the theatre.
Can you search movies in San Francisco?
Dumbo is perfect. What time can I watch it? I'd like to watch it on March 3rd.
Can you search for movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I would like to see After. Any type of show is fine. What times is it showing?
I'd like to see it on the 1st of this month.
Search for Fantasy movies in San Jose.
No, I don't want to buy the ticket right now. Can you find me the timing of the movie on March 1st at Cinemark?
What are some movies playing in Emeryville right now?
On the 4th of this month.
Give me a 3d show.
I am in Petaluma.
What times are available on the 2nd of this month at Boulevard Cinema.
I'm in San Francisco. Try searching for movies shown there.
Can you find some other movies? I want to watch one at an imax show in the AMC Metreon nearby.
March 2nd would be nice.
I am in San Francisco, can you search for movies in this city?
Can you give me more movie recommendations, I want to see an IMAX show and I do like seeing comic movies.
At what time can I watch the movie, if I plan on seeing it on the 1st of this month?
I would like to find movies shown in Moraga tonight.
Lets watch it on the 2nd of this month and right now I will watch a regular T.V. show.
What movies are being shown in Healdsburg?
I want to see it 1st of March, in imax, at Raven Film center.
I wish to search for a movie at Tiburon Playhouse.
Could you please find the movie in Tiburon?
I wish to see it on the 9th.
Can you find me a movie shown in Vallejo
Can you search regular show movies shown in Santa Clara
Any other movies available?
Long shot sounds great. I want to watch on the 11th at AMC Mercado
I want to watch a movie in Larkspur. I want to watch some Horror movies.
What are the showtimes for the 1st of March?
I'm in Redwood City. Are there any Adventure movies playing at Century Redwood City?
On March 4th.
I'm looking for a movie at CineLux Tennant Station.
Something in Adventure at Morgan Hill, a regular show.
Shazam sounds good, what times are there for Monday next week?
Look in Santa Rosa.
What time is After playing later today?
I'm looking for a movie to see preferably in Livermore.
I'd like to see High Life. I'd like to see a 3d show. What time could I see it?
The day after tomorrow.
Find movies in the Santa Rosa area please.
Eh, I kind of want to watching something a little more regular. Can you find what is playing at the Airport Stadium Cinemas?
I plan on going to the theater Friday next week.
Find me please a movie to watch at Airport Stadium Cinemas
In Santa Rosa search me please.
It will be perfect for me to watch on next Friday.
Hey, I want a movie. Find me one in San Ramon, please. A good one this time!
Cool, but find some other ones too please. I love Adventure movies.
Yeah, I heard of that one! I want to see Shazam then. What showtimes are there today? Actually I'm free on the 2nd.
I prefer Union City.
Can you find some other choices? I prefer an adventure movie at Century Union Landing.
I would like to see it at an imax show on March 4th.
Please find me a non-fiction movie at the Roxie Theater.
Please search in the San Francisco area.
No. That's ok. I'm interested in the time for a regular show.
Let's try the day after tomorrow.
Can you help me find an adventure movie showing in concord?
I'd like to go watch it next wednesday.
I'm looking for a 3d movie in Brentwood.
No. Also, you can look at any theatre.
On the 7th.
I'm really bored. Can you find me a movie to watch in Union City?
Hotel Mumbai! Yes! Will there be a showing at Century Union Landing?
I am looking for movies in San Ramon.
I am not interested in those, are there any Adventure movies?
What are the schedules for the movie on the 2nd of March?
I wanna find a movie to watch. Can you search for movies in Alameda?
Nope, not now. What time can I watch it? I wanna watch it at Alameda Theatre & Cineplex. Any type of show is fine.
I wanna watch it on the 1st.
I want to watch a Suspense movie at Century Cinemas.
Century Cinemas is in San Leandro.
I want to go on March 3rd.
Yes. Search in San Bruno.
I want to want at Century at Tanforan, find some other movies.
I want to watch on 1st of this month.
Can you check for a regular showing of a horror movie in Redwood City.
Please check the 1st of this month.
Can you help me find a Comic movie?
I also like drama movies. Can you find a movie in Sebastopol?
Can you find other movies? I want to see an IMAX movie at Rialto Cinemas.
March 1st.
Life is very enthuastic and energitic , i need to enjoy it almost every moment in my life. Will you find a movie to watch? Any type of movies is opt for me.
Find movies in San Francisco area?
I want it on Saturday this week.
whether any other time is available and i need to watch a imax show and need to watch at Embarcadero Center Cinema.
Can you help me find Biographical movies to watch? It's been a while since I've seen one in the theatre.
I'm looking for movies in Morgan Hill.
Breakthrough is perfect. Are there any times for the 3rd?
Can you try March 1st at CineLux Tennant Station?
Can you find me an Imax movie Show?
search for me in Sebastopol.
make a search for 1st of this month.
Find me a movie in Santa Clara.
I'm planning on going to see it on the 4th of this month, as I have off from work. I'm hoping to catch the imax show at AMC Mercado.
I want to watch a a imax movie. I love the Ghost movies.
Show me movies for Mountain View.
Tomorrow at Century Cinema
I'm searching for movies to watch. I prefer Drama movies
Could you search for movies in Menlo Park.
What time can I see it? I want to watch on the 9th and a 3d show.
Pleasant Hill.
Anything else? I am looking for Scary movies.
Curse of La Llorona sounds great. Is it playing on 6th of March?
I'd like to see the movie in Union City, and I'd like it to be a Thriller movie.
I'd like to see it on March 2nd, and I want it to be a 3d show.
Somewhere in San Fran.
Tell me what is showing at the CineLux Tennant Station in Morgan Hill.
Not right now. What times are available. I'd liek to see it in Imax if possible.
On the 1st of March.
Can you search for movies shown in Sonoma?
I want to watch the movie on 9th of this month, can you tell me the timing?
Can you find movies being shown in Vallejo?
Do you know the time I can watch it? I want it to be an imax show.
Probably later today.
Make it San Bruno
No. Maybe look at the Century at Tanforan
I'll go on March 1st, a regular screening
What are some movies I can watch in Hayward?
What time can I watch it on Wednesday next week?
I'm looking for a movie to watch at THE LOT City Center.
I'm in San Ramon, so search for movies near there.
I'm not interested in any of those, can search some more. And I want to watch the movie in imax.
No, don't get me tickets. But can you tell me what time I can see it. I want to see it on March 1st?
I am looking for a regular movie to watch.
Search for Morgan Hill.
March 1st please.
I will have some free time coming up and am thinking I might go see a movie. What movies are showing in Alameda at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
No, are there any adventure movies showing in 3d?
I will probably be going on the 2nd.
I love adventure movies a lot and I want to see one of those. Can you find me a movie like that in San Jose? Preferably IMAX too, please.
I want to watch it on the 1st of this month. Are there any good showtimes at AMC Saratoga?
Look for movies shown in Martinez
Find other movies and any type of show
I want to watch it today
I want to find a Suspense movie to watch in Moraga.
Not right now. What time can I watch it at Rheem Theatre?
I want to see it on the 2nd.
Please search for movies showing at the Pruneyard Cinemas in Campbell.
What time can I watch an imax show?
March 2nd would be perfect.
I want to find a 3d movie.
I'll be in Brentwood. Could you look for movies there?
We'll be ready to watch it on the 1st of March.
I enjoy documentary movies. Are you able to look for movies showing in Morgan Hill?
No, not right now. What is the time that I can see it? I want to see it on the 3rd.
I live in San Bruno.
I would love to see Dumbo! Can I see it this Saturday?
I'd like to find a movie to watch. I like all movies.
Can you help me find movies showing in Newark?
I'd like to watch it on the 5th.
I'd like to go somewhere in Oakland.
I'd like something else. I forgot to mention but I'm into Comic movies.
I'd like to go on the 7th.
Please can you look for a good movie to watch for this week end, might be in San Jose?
Do you mean the adventurous movies? Nope, Please find something else for I like all kinds if its good to watch.
Yup, Little would be perfect. What time is the show? Do they have 3d shows? Will tickets be available to watch at CineLux Almaden?
Probably, on March 8th.
Hello, could you help me find a movie currently showing in Oakland?
What are the showtimes for this movie at New Parkway Theater?
I would like to watch it on 5th of March.
I want to go out to watch a movie in San Francisco, can you search for options?
Please keep searching. I'd like to see a drama at the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
Red Joan is perfect! What time can I see a 3d show on March 5th?
I would like to see a movie at the AMC Bay Street.
Please search for movies in Emeryville.
No. Please search for a Comic imax show.
I would like to watch the movie Friday next week.
I'd like to watch a movie at Reading Cinemas Rohnert Park.
I'm in Rohnert Park. Please find me a scary movie.
No, not at the moment. What are the available times for March 1st?
My brother and I want to go see an adventure movie, can you help find one?
Alameda is a good half way point between my brother and I , let's search there.
What time is the movie playing at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
How about tomorrow.
find me a movie to watch please. Any show will work
please search Mill Valley for movies.
How about on the 1st.
Santa Rosa. Any good movies around here?
What time is After playing? I would like to see a regular show at Roxy Stadium Cinemas.
Preferably, the 1st of this month.
Its Santa Clara, so please search for movies nearby.
Is there anything else, any type of movie will do.
I want to watch it at AMC Mercado, on the 4th of this month.
Search for movies in Vallejo.
the 2nd of this month.
Look for movies in San Fran.
What else is there? I want to see an imax movie.
The 1st of this month at Presidio Theatre.
Please search for movies in San Francisco.
I want to watch something different like a 3D show. And I want to see it at Century San Francisco Centre.
How about Thursday next week.
I am in San Francisco.
I want another movie. Any theater in Moraga is fine.
I want to see it tomorrow.
Is there another time? I want to see it on the 5th of this month.
I am feeling bored. Is there any Fantasy movies laying?
I want to see the movie in San Fran.
I would like to see it on the 9th of this month.
I want to go out in Petaluma, can you see what movies there are?
Can you see what else there is? I'm in the mood for adventure films. Can you look at Boulevard Cinema?
The 4th of this month
I'm in San Jose, please find me a movie to watch around here.
Breakthrough sounds great, thanks. I'd like to see it in 3D, when is it on?
On the 3rd of this month, if possible.
I'd like to look for a film to watch. I like adventure films.
Could you look for films shown in Napa?
I'd love Captain Marvel. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch a regular show.
I'd like to watch it on the day after tomorrow.
I'm in Larkspur.
No, not yet. But what time will I be able to watch a regular show?
I want to watch it on March 7th.
I prefer movies shown in Santa Rosa.
No thank you. Can you search for movies showing at Century at Tanforan in San Bruno.
Can you please list other movies? I'd prefer a regular show.
On the 5th please.
I want all kinds of movies
Find movies in San Leandro
I wanna watch at the Century Cinemas
I wanna see it on the 2nd
I feel good right now and would like to watch a movie. Can you search for movies shown in San Bruno?
Can you search for another one? I would like to watch Century at Tanforan.
What time is the movie available on Tuesday next week?
I want a 3d movie to watch.
Can you search in San Jose?
Find something else. Can you show what is on in Union City?
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it on? I want to watch at Century Union Landing.
I want to see it this Saturday.
Find me movies showing around Brentwood.
Find me some other movies showing at AMC Brentwood.
What's the showtime for Pet Sematary on next Tuesday?
Can you search for movies in Santa Rosa.
Please find some other movies at Airport Stadium Cinemas.
I want to watch 3d show on 1st of March
I want to see a movie in San Fran.
I'd prefer something else, in Menlo Park, any theater.
The 9th of March.
Look in Morgan Hill.
What time later today is Pet Sematary playing?
My friends came to my house and i am in joyful mood .will you find any adventure movies to watch along with my friends?
find any movies which is shown in Daly City?
Can you tell me the time i shall able to watch that movie on 4th of March at Century Daly City?
I would like to watch a regular show. Please search in San Jose.
I would like to know what time it's playing at the West Wind Capitol Drive-in?
Look up for 1st of March please.
I want to watch a movie at Sonoma Cinema.
I want to find movies in Sonoma.
Are there any other movies? I want to watch something in 3d.
Shazam! sounds great! I want to watch in Tuesday next week. What times are there?
I want to go out to watch a movie, can you find me some good shows in Pleasant Hill?
I like the sound of The Curse of La Llorona. What time can I watch it if I want to see a regular show at Century Downtown?
I want to watch it on 6th of this month.
Find me movies in Morgan Hill.
Find me something else like a regular show.
No, now right now. I want to see it at CineLux Tennant Station on the 4th of this month. What time is it playing then?
Show me movies in Santa Clara. I would prefer a regular show.
I think Dumbo sounds great. What are the timings for it and I want to see it on the 1st.
I'd like a location in San Ramon.
I'd like a Ghost movie. Can you find anything else?
Do you know screening times for this movie for Saturday this week.
Any other showtimes? I'd prefer watching it in 3d at Regal Crow Canyon.
Could you look in Union City?
It will be on the 7th of this month.
I am in Alameda.
March 2nd please.
I would like to see a Fantasy movie.
I want to see a movie in Mountain View.
I would like to see Dumbo. What time is it showing at ShowPlace ICON?
Any time on the 1st of March
My friend and I are looking for a movie to go to. What movies are showing in San Rafael?
Actually, what time is the movie. I want to see it in an imax theater.
I am hoping to go on the 1st of March.
I am looking for movies being show in San Jose.
No, find some other movies. Search for movies being shown in Santa Rosa instead. Any type of movie is fine.
What time can I watch it on March 2nd at 3rd Street Cinema.
I would like to find a movie to watch in Sonoma.
I want to watch a 3d showing of it on the 5th of March.
search for movies shown in SFO
I would like to see it tomorrow
I wanna see Embarcadero Center Cinema and in imax
Could you find films shown in San Ramon for me?
Please look for other films. I would like to watch at The Lot City Center.
Little is the one for me. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch it today.
I want to go to the movies. Is there something in theaters in Newark?
I want to go the 1st of this month.
Around SFO would be good.
Body Double sounds good. What time is it showing on the 15th of March at the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema
Could you help search for movies shown in Livermore?
Could you help find movies of the Adventure genre?
I would like to watch it on the 2nd.
I would like to find the movie at AMC Mercado
In Santa Clara and would like to watch a regular show.
Can you fin another movie.
On Saturday this week.
I have a lot of leisure time and i am going to make use of it. Will you find a movie to watch? Actually i like Drama kind of movies
Is it possible to check for movies shown in Albany? I need to watch a regular show.
Ok Red Joan is perfect. Please tell the time to watch it. I prefer the date is on the 5th
I'd like to go to the AMC NewPark.  Can you tell me what movies are showing in Newark?
I want to see Captain Marvel.  Are tickets available on the 3rd?  I'd rather see it in 3d.
I am in the Santa Clara area.
What time does Hotel Mumbai play at AMC Mercado IMAX?
I want to go see it today.
At the Concord area. I want to watch an Adventure movie at the Veranda Luxe Cinema. 
Sometime on the 6th of this month. 
I've always been interested in edwards fairfield. are there any biographical movies showing?
Can you do a search for any movies in fairfield?
The 2nd of March would be great and if you could book a regular show that would be even better!
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
I'm specifically looking for movies in Fremont. 
I'm interested in Hotel Mumbai, thanks. What are the times this movie is available? I'd like to watch a regular show. 
Tomorrow would be great, thanks. 
I would like to watch a movie in 3d from the Drama movie genre that I like.
Could you find me movies in Menlo Park?
I think I would like to see it on March 9th.
I want to find a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield.
Please search for movies shown in Fairfield.
I want to watch The Curse of La Llorona.  What time is an imax show available on March 1st?
Can you search for movies at Stanford Theatre around Palo Alto?
How about the 5th of this month?
I would like to watch a Biographical movie near Morgan Hill.
No, not now. I want to watch it at regular show times at CineLux Tennant Station. What time can I watch it?
This Sunday.
I like crime movies. Can you search for movies shown in San Francisco?
What times do they have available for me to watch it? I want to watch it This Saturday. I want to watch a Imax Show. 
I want to watch it at Century at Hayward. 
What times could I watch it? Are there any imax shows?
I want to watch it this Saturday.
I really enjoy Biographical movies and was thinking of watching Century at Hayward.
No. I would like to watch it on the 7th, and nothing fancy a regular show please.
Can you find me an IMAX showing of a comedy movie?
Search for movies in the San Francisco Area, specifically at the Balboa Theatre.
I want to watch the movie on 15th of March, are there any timing available on that day?
I'd like to see a Fantasy movie, what is playing at Contra Costa in Martinez?
I was thinking a regular showing on March 8th would be good. 
I was thinking about seeing a 3d movie at the Lark Theater. Can you search for the movies playing in Larkspur right now?
I want to see it Friday next week.
I want to find Animation movies that are 3d showing in Santa Rosa tonight.
Tomorrow please.
I'm looking for a comedy to watch in San Jose at the AMC Saratoga. What movies are available?
I want to go on the 2nd of March.
Hey, could you please find me regular movie tickets for Friday next week at 22:45?
I'd like three tickets, please.
Please search for IT two in Milpitas.
I would like to watch an imax show on the 5th of this month. I want 1 ticket.
I want to watch Hustlers in Livermore at ten in the night.
Can you get me one ticket to the movie Hobbs and Shaw in San Leandro?
Can you find me an imax show on the 6th of this month at night 10:30?
Hey. Can you help me purchase two movie tickets to a showing Wednesday next week in Santa Rosa?
I would like to see a regular showing of Hustlers. Look for something in Livermore around 21:45.
I wish to purchase movie tickets to watch it on Wednesday next week.
I wish to see a 3d show.
I wish to see The Lord of the Rings at evening 6.
I wish to see movies depicted in Livermore and I need one ticket.
Please try again. I wish to see a imax show at 6:15 in the evening.
I'd like 4 tickets to watch the show at nine pm.
I'd like to watch IT2 in imax.
Find me shows for the 8th in Campbell.
I would like 1 ticket to see a 3D movie called Ad Astra.
I would like the 16th of March, in San Francisco at seven pm.
I need to buy it in Pittsburg.
I need the tickets for regular show for the movie Overcomer on 2nd of March.
Buy 1 ticket for the show time night 10.
Can you get me tickets to watch the movie Good Boys on the 9th of this month?
I'd like four tickets to the regular show t half past 9 in the night.
In Santa Rosa please.
Search please some movies shown in Newark on Wednesday next week because I want to buy tickets.
Imax show will be perfect.
Hustlers will be perfect for four people at 22:15.
Please get me tickets to the movie Official Secrets.
I just want one ticket to a regular show on 4th of March.
I need Santa Rosa at 8:15 in the night.
Hi, I'm wanting to see a movie. I want something at 8:30 pm.
Just regular please.
I want IT two. I need 4 for the Brentwood theatre.
I want tickets for March 7th.
I want to watch the regular showing of Ad Astra tonight. I want to watch the showing at night 9 pm-ish
I want to watch on the night of the 16th of March, and I only need one ticket in San Jose
I would like to watch the show at 10:30 pm.
I want one ticket for Saturday this week.
I want to watch a regular show of Angel Has Fallen shown in Concord.
No. I would like to book 2 tickets in Newark.
I would like to buy a movie ticket in San Jose at 11 o"clock in the night.
I want to book three tickets for regular show.
I want to want Angel has fallen on day after tomorrow.
I want to go half past 6 in the evening to see the show.
I want to watch the imax on the 9th to watch The Lord of the Rings three.
I want to watch the movie in Santa Rosa. Can you check there?
I only need 1 ticket for the movie.
I'm looking for two movie tickets for Good Boys.
I want to see the a regular show in Milpitas.
I want to see IT Chapter Two on the 7th of March.
I want to see it at eleven pm.
I'd like to get movie tickets to go watch After The Wedding.
I would like to see a regular show on March 10th in the San Jose area.
I think I'd like to get 1 ticket for the evening 7:30 pm showing.
Please give it a go again and look in San Francisco. I'd like a showing at 6:30 in the evening for Fiddler: A Miracle of Miracles.
I'd like 1 regular movie ticket for a show this Sunday.
I'd like to find a showing of Brittany Runs a Marathon in San Francisco.
I'm interested in 3d shows at 6:45 in the evening. You can search in Palo Alto as well.
No, I'm sorry. I need to make that 2 tickets for March 9th.
Can you find a regular show at around 2:30 in the afternoon?
Find tickets for the movie Farewell.
I'm going on a date so I will need two tickets please.
Can you search for something in Santa Clara on the 1st of march.
I'd like to see an imax show actually.
I'd like to see Chhichhore in Santa Clara. Just one ticket is good.
This would be Tuesday next week.
Yes, I'd like to go at 22:30 if possible.
I need movie tickets for Toy Story Four, now please.
I need it in Union City at 11 in the night. I need four tickets.
Regular, please.
I want today.
Can you try again? But I want Angel Has Fallen at quarter past 10 in the night.
I want three tickets
I need to watch it on 1st of March at night 10:15.
i am interested to watch a regular show
I need to watch 47 Meters Down
Search for movies in San Jose
I will need 2 tickets, please.
I would like 1 ticket for IT Chapter Two in Union City on the 3rd of this month.
I prefer a regular showing. Please get a ticket for the showing at 11 in the night.
Find me movies in San Francisco.
I need just one ticket, and a showing at 21:15 would be perfect.
Yes. I'd like to see This Is Not Berlin.
I'd like just a regular show, and something on the 4th of this month would be best.
Can you find me seats for Once Upon a Time In Hollywood?
I would prefer to see it around 10:30 in the night.
The date would be March 4th, just a regular show is find, some kind of movie around San Ramon would do.
Just two of us.
I would like four tickets to IT2 on March 3rd in Mountain View.
Let's make that a regular showing at 22:45.
Actually, you know what, I changed my mind. I think I want to watch Hustlers in Santa Clara, can you search there please?
I want to catch a night showing, maybe around quarter to 7 in the evening?
It's gonna be 3 of us
I wanna watch IT Chapter Two on the 7th, preferably in Mill Valley
A regular one is fine for us
I'm interested in getting 2 movie tickets please, something for a regular show.
I want to see something on Wednesday next week, around ten pm or so. And I'm in San Rafael.
Yeah, I want to see Hustlers.
Let's try that ticket purchase again please. How about a 10:45 pm imax show?
Whoops, let's make that next Friday instead. And I think I want to go in Santa Clara.
I want 2 tickets at 11 in the night.
I like Brittany Runs a Marathon.
Please find movies shown in Redwood CIty on the 2nd, I want a regular show.
No, please search movies shown in Palo Alto at evening 7:15.
No, I want Stage Door.
I would like to go to a theater in Mill Valley. I only need one ticket.
I was hoping to see IT2. A regular show would be fine.
I am thinking the 2nd of March would be a good day.
Yes, thanks for asking. I would like to visit at 6:45 in the evening.
I'm looking for some 3d movie tickets in San Jose.
I need 1 ticket for a movie at 8:15 pm.
I want to see it on the 5th of March.
I want to watch The Load.
Hey, can you help me get movie tickets to IT Chapter Two.
Only 1 ticket.
I want to go on March 6th. And I'm located in San Jose.
I think an imax showing would be cool. And I want to see it at the evening 7:45. Also can you look for shows on the 1st in San Ramon?
Wait, no. Can I actually do 3d.
I would like to buy a movie ticket in Concord on the 9th for four people.
I would like to watch Hustlers.
I want to watch in a imax show at 9:30 in the night.
I want to go out this evening. How about some tickets to see a movie at quarter past 6 in the evening?
I want to see Luce at Oakland on the 2nd of March.
A regular show would be ok.
Just 1 would be needed.
I want to purchase film tickets to a regular movie. Could you look for films playing in Santa Clara?
I'd like to view it on March 9th.
I desire 1 ticket.
I'd like to see Hustlers.
I'd like to see the film at 11 in the night.
Can you attempt to buy again? I'd like to watch it at Walnut creek on next Tuesday, during night 9:45.
I want to watch The Farewell in 3d
I'm going on a date so I need 2 tickets on Saturday this week in SF
Our date is gonna be at night so maybe at quarter to 7 in the evening?
Can you buy me movie tickets for movie shown in Rohnert Park?
I want 2 tickets for the show on March 1st.
I would like to watch Good Boys.
I would like to watch it at night 9:45.
I prefer imax show.
I need one ticket to a regular show.
I want to see Hustlers in Brentwood at 7:30 pm.
On the 3rd of this month.
Could you try March 4th at 10:30 pm in Santa Clara.
Just 1 ticket please.
Just a regular show, nothing special.
I want to watch Good Boys at 22:00.
Please find movies in Santa Rosa on March 2nd.
I was thinking about going to the cinema, I need three tickets.
A regular show is just fine. The movie is Good Boys and the date is the 5th of this month.
Nine pm.
Brentwood please.
I find boring myself to proceed in my routine life. i need a break so i plan to watch movies. will you buy movie tickets. i like to watch the show at 7 pm.
I like to watch The Lord of the Rings three and i need it on 6th of this month.
I need 1 tickets that should be a imax show.
i need to watch at IT2. Will you search for movies that shown in Mill Valley?
Hi, could you help me find some nice Action movies to watch please?
A show in Danville will be great.
Likely at 6:30 pm.
Four tickets for later today please.
An IMAX show will be great!
Are there any Cartoon movies showing at imax in Union City?
There will be two of us.
If I had my rathers I'd like the tickets for Wednesday next week for a 10:15 in the night showing.
I want to spend my free time by watching a nice Movie like the one with Dramatic Story. Can you find something for me and I want to watch it at Century 20 Oakridge and XD.
Search it in San Jose.
Book the show at ten pm.
Please try for some other time like half past 10 in the night on March 5th for a regular show.
Search for me movies shown in Napa.I would like to watch at Century Napa Valley and XD.
Find me something else.I want to watch a regular show.
At 22:15 will be okay.
Three tickets will be great.
I want four tickets for tomorrow.
I am interested in seeing an Imax show, preferrably a cartoon movie. Would you search for this in Santa Rosa?
I am interested in seeing the movie on the 4th at the quarter to 5 in the evening show and would lke 3 tickets.
Would you please try purchasing the tickets again but for 1 ticket to the quarter past 4 in the evening movie later today?
Can you find me a regular movie show that I can watch in Santa Rosa?
I think After the Wedding would be perfect. Can you get me three tickets for the 4:30 pm show on March 10th?
Can you check whether tickets are available for the show at quarter to 4 in the afternoon on March 7th?
I want to search for the movies in Mountain View.
Make it on 2nd of this month.
Book it for one person at ten in the night.
No, regular show is enough to me.
Find movies in Larkspur. I would like a 3d show.
I'd like to watch it on 7th of this month. I need two tickets.
I want to watch the show at afternoon 3:30
I'd like to find a movie to watch. Would you find me movies in Santa Rosa? A regular show would be good.
Good Boys is excellent. I'd lik to buy four movie tickets for 9:15 pm.
I'd like to watch it on Tuesday next week.
Can you find me a movie to watch at a Regal Jack London theater in Oakland? It should be a regular show.
Reserve 2 tickets for the movie at 21:45 for next Thursday.
I want to find a movie in Campbell.
Can you find some other movies? Find something at the Balboa Theatre in SFO.
A regular show.
I need 2 tickets for the 2:30 pm show on March 10th.
Try Healdsburg please.
A regular show is fine. I need one ticket for 7:45 pm.
Actually can you make that a 3d showing for later today?
Can you start your search by looking for Eccentric Story movies in the San Fran area?
I will need three tickets for the 8:15 pm show if available.
I think we would all much prefer the 3d show.
The March 2nd show I think will be the best option.
Can you find me a movie to watch in Berkeley?
I want to watch the 21:15 imax please
Can you look for movies showing in Healdsburg?
I would like to see an imax show tomorrow and I would like two tickets.
I would like to see the show at half past 8 in the night.
I would liek to watch a Scientific fiction in San Bruno at Century at Tanforan and XD.
I would like two tickets.
I would like to go on the 10th at 11:30 in the night.
I would like a regular show.
Somewhere close to home so I don't have to drive far would be great, start with Brentwood.
I prefer a regular show, playing at 7:45 pm, on the 16th.
It will only be me, so 1 is fine.
Hi, could you get me a regular Imaginative fiction movie in Hayward please?
I will need 3 tickets for the 9:45 pm movie on the 10th of this month.
I want to search for it in San Jose and I would like to prefer a 3D show.
I want to find some other movies and I think Supernatural movies will be perfect for me and search for the one showing at AMC Saratoga.
I want to watch it at 8:30 pm and please buy 2 tickets.
Book it on the 7th.
Please change the date and time to 1st of March at half past 9 in the night.
Also book for 4 tickets.
I'd like to look for a film to view at the raven Film Center. Could you look for a film playing in Healdsburg? I'd like to view a 3d film.
I'd like to view the film on the 2nd of this month.
I'd like to view the show during 5:15 in the evening.
I am interested in going for a movie in mountain view. Can you help in this?
I would like to buy tickets for the movie Ad Astra and want to see it on 10th of this month at 22:00. I need 3 tickets.
Regular show is okay for me.
Can you search for movies in Santa ROsa.
i need 1 tickets.
I need to watch at half past 11 in the morning. i want to watch a regular show.
Can you find me a regular screening of a Supernatural genre movie at AMC NewPark
Can you look in the Newark area?
IT2 is great! Buy me three tickets for the 10:15 in the night showing on the 10th of March
I need it at Century 20 Great Mall and XD, for movies in Milpitas. I want to see Action.
I want it at 10 o"clock in the night on the 2nd of March.
I want a regular one.
I need 2 tickets.
I want to watch it in Dublin.
I need 2 tickets for the movie on Tuesday next week at 11 o"clock in the night.
I like to prefer with regular one.
I would like to watch a regular show at 3rd Street Cinema in Santa Rosa.
I would like to go in the evening 4:45.
I would like to watch it next Thursday.
Will you search for movies shown in Santa Rosa.
Fiddler is the right one. I want to buy movie tickets for 1 ticket.
I'd like to watch a regular show.
I would like to watch the show at 11:15 am on the 9th.
I am looking for a movie to watch at AMC NewPark.
Can you look for the movie in Newark?
47 Meters DOwn: Uncaged sounds great. Can you book me 1 movie ticket for the regular show at two in the afternoon.
I would like to watch it on Sunday this week.
I want to find movies in Palo Alto.
Ladykillers is perfect. Can you buy me some tickets for quarter to 8 in the evening? I want to watch the movie in 3d.
Get me one ticket for March 1st.
Hi, could you help me find a regular show to watch at Roxy Stadium Cinemas in Santa Rosa please?
I need two tickets for the movie at half past 9 in the night.
On the March 3rd please.
Can you help me find movies in El Cerrito?
I'd like to see the movie on Sunday this week at 19:15. A regular show is fine.
I'd like four tickets.
I need to find a movie in Santa Rosa.
I would like to purchase 2 tickets.
No. This Saturday would work better.
Anything in Mill Valley?
Anything at seven in the evening on March 1st. I would like three tickets.
Just a regular show.
I need you to find me movies in San Jose
I prefer Ad Astra and need four tickets
I have to see a regular show movie at 10:30 in the night
I prefer to see it on 16th of this Month
Can you please help me find a 3d family movie shown in San Jose.
Farewell is great. I'm buying tickets for ten pm on 4th of March.
Just one ticket.
I want to search it in San Leandro.
Yes, Overcomer is good and I want to purchase the tickets now. Please buy one ticket on March 7th for the show time at 10:30 pm.
I need to watch a Imax Show. Make it accordingly.
will you find me movies in Hayward?
Please find some other movies, I need to watch movies at CineLux Tennant Station. Will you find movies which are shown in Morgan Hill?
Hobbs and Shaw is Perfect and i like to buy movie tickets. I need to watch it a regular show and the day is on this saturday.
I need to watch the show at 9:30 pm.
i need 3 tickets.
Would you look in San Jose for some movies to see?
Look around for some other movie options, such as a Dramatic story.
See if you can find some other movies in San Rafael please.
I want to get some movie tickets to a 3d show of A Faithful Man. It' sounds great.
I need 3 tickets to see it on the 8th of this month for the evening 6:15 show.
I want to watch a movie at Century 25 Union Landing and XD. I like dramatic story movies.
Look for movies in Union City.
I want 1 ticket to a regular movie on Friday next week.
I want to watch it at quarter to 11 in the night.
I would like a regular drama movie at Regal Crow Canyon.
Please look in San Ramon,
I would like 3 tickets for Hustlers at quarter past 7 in the evening.
On the 3rd of March.
I'm after an Imax film at Century Blackhawk Plaza in Danville can you tell me whats on?
Just one please
Let's look for movies in Oakland.
Let's get three tickets.
I'd like to see the show at night 10 on the 2nd. I'm fine with a regular show.
Hi, could you help me search for some nice Anime movies please?
I'm at home alone and it is awfully quiet, so it's the perfect time to sit back and watch a movie. Can you find me a movie with Michaela Watkins starring in it and preferably directed by Paul Downs Colaizzo?
Are there any movies with actor Josh Gad in them?
I want to find a good film to watch with Duane Whitaker and I want something directed by Quentin Tarantino.
I would like to find a movie to watch in the Imaginative fiction genre.
i want to watch a movie, maybe a thriller directed by Riley Stearns.
I want to watch a movie that Ian Hendry is in.
I saw that already. I would rather see a family genre directed by Herbert Ross.
I'd like to watch a movie directed by Alex Kendrick.
I want to watch a Zoe Bell movie.
Can you find me a nice movie directed by James Gray to watch?
I would like to choose a movie to watch. Can you help me find a movie in the Comic genre with James Corden in it?
It's suppose to be raining all day so I'm cooped up in the house and bored. Can you help find me a movie to watch, preferably one that is classified as a Comic and directed by Nitesh Tiwari?
Okay, let's try something else. How about a movie directed by Gene Stupnitsky instead?
Can you find me a thriller movie directed by Alexander Mackendrick?
I want to watch a McKinley Belcher III movie. I want something directed by Simon Curtis. It should be a drama.
I want to watch a movie staring Daniel Camp and directed by Herbert Ross.
Can you find a movie. I'm interested in a movie by the director Quentin Tarantino.
Let me enjoy movie directed by Nitesh Tiwari, is there any one?
My friend and I want to go see a movie but we can't find one we like. We really want to see a Drama.
Yeah, we already saw that one. Is there anything directed by Hari Sama?
Hey I need help finding a movie please, I like movies by Satoshi Kon.
Find me a movie directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Anything else, preferably something with Eugene Dynarski?
I would like to find an Exotic movie.
Yes, okay,but I need to find some other movies especially the one directed by Jovanka Vuckovic. Do you have something like this in your options?
I'm looking to watch an action movie directed by David Leitch starring Alex King.
Can you help me search for a Horror movie to watch?
I have some leisure time so that i could watch a movie. Will you find me a movie directed by Kirill Mikhanovsky and find something like Comedy-drama genre?
I'd like to find something an Eccentric story movie to watch. What do you recommend?
I like to watch a movie. will you find me a movie which has sterling K. Brown as a actor and it should be directed by Thurop Van Orman
I want to watch a suspense movie directed by Josephine Decker.
Can you help me find a movie to stream in the Play genre?
I wish to see the movie which is directed by David Leitch and acted by Lori Pelenise Tuisano.
I want to see a movie by Peter Jackson that is a Fantasy.
Not interested. Any other movies which are directed by QUentin Tarantino? type of movie should be Cult genre.
Anything else? I like films directed by Steven Spielberg in the Imaginative fiction genre.
What other movies are there? I want something with Conleth Hill in it.
