Thats great, Hellboy will do. Show time please
Hey Toy Story 4, that is the one I've been wanting to see, get me tickets for it please.
i have to search for a movie to watch
I would like to see Little. What time is it playing?
What movies are there to watch?
Hey, I'm looking for a movie.
I am bored and want to watch a movie.
Hustlers is great and can you purchase tickets for me?
I have some free time and I want to relax on that time. Can you search for some nice movies to watch?
Another time, please. What are the times available for it?
My friends want to go see a movie, can you help?
Not needed. Showtime please.
I have some time to relax and I need to spend it with a Movie. Can you find me a good one to watch?
I want to find a movie.
Can you find me a movie?
I have an extra day off work and want to go see a movie. Can you buy me a ticket?
Shazam would be great. What time is it showing?
I would like to buy tickets to IT two, it sounds perfect.
What time is the movie showing?
Red Joan is great. When is it showing?
Not at this time. What time is it playing?
The best of enemies will be good, find the show time.
Please help me find a movie to watch.
We'd love to see Missing Link. What are the showtimes?
Captain Marvel works. What are the times?
I want to watch a movie and I need your help to purchase the tickets for the movie.
Penguin Highway is good and at what time can i watch it?
The Curse of La Llorona sounds good. When can i see it?
What are the showtimes for Missing Link?
Find me a movie to watch.
I'd like to watch Hotel Mumbai. What time is the show?
Hey, can you help me find a movie to watch?
Hi! Can you help me find a movie?
What time can I watch the movie?
IT two sounds perfect for me, please buy me tickets for it.
I need to utilize my day in a very calm way for that watching movie is a good choice. Will you find me a movie to watch?
What time is How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World playing at?
Yeah, I heard of that one! Captain Marvel sounds good. What are the showtimes?
Breakthrough is perfect. What day and time is it showing?
Breakthrough sounds great. What times were available?
I am searching for a movie to watch.
I'd like to see a movie, can you find me one?
What time is Breakthrough? That sounds great!
the curse of la llorona sound good. what time do they have it available
I think I will watch Missing Link, what are its showtimes?
Can you recommend a movie for me to see?
What time is it available to watch?
I'm planning on seeing a movie, I don't know what to watch.
Hey! I wish to go to the movies this weekend? Can you find me some good one to watch?
No, not right now. What are the show times for this movie?
I'm interested in watching a movie soon.
Find a movie for me please.
I want to see a movie.
I'm so bored. I want to get out of the house, maybe see a movie.
Missing Link sounds good. What time is it on at?
I'm ready to buy movie tickets.
Could you get me the movie tickets please?
I am looking to book movie tickets.
I am in a nice mood and I like to watch a movie now. How about finding a nice movie for me?
I'd like to catch a movie.
I am in a mood to watch some movie.
Captain Marvel sounds great. At what time could I watch it?
No, don't purchase them now. When are the showtimes?
Breakthrough sounds good. What are the show times?
Hi, I want to find a movie to watch this weekend. 
I'm going out with some friends this weekend and we'd like to see a movie.
Saaho sounds great! Could you get me the tickets please?
I want to go out to watch a movie, please help me find a good one.
I'll go with Dumbo. That's a perfect choice. What time does that movie start, please?
Find me a movie
What time does it show?
No, not right now. What time is it playing?
Hellboy would be perfect to watch, at what time is the showing?
Look for a movie for me to watch.
I would like to watch a movie.
I wish to search for a movie.
I have just finished my business meeting and have free time on my hands. Could you please help me find a movie to watch?
No, I will hold off on buying them. What times is it playing?
Can you help me find a movie?
Family sounds good, what are the times?
I want to watch a movie.
Please find me a movie to watch.
I want a recommendation on a movie to watch.
IT Chapter Two sounds great. Will you buy tickets?
I want to find a movie to watch
I am in a mood to watch a movie, can you find one?
Not right now, do you know what times it is available?
I would like to see a movie.
Missing link would be great. When is it showing?
Dumbo sounds good. When is it?
Can you let me know what time its on?
No, not at the moment. What time is it on?
I feel like I want to watch a movie, so help me find one!
I'd like to watch a movie.
Life is boring and i need to spend my leisure time by watching movie. Will you find a good movie to watch?
Pet Sematary sounds great. When is it showing?
I would like to see Little. What time is the show?
I'm looking for a movie to see.
I need to find a movie to watch
Yes, Long Shot would actually be perfect. I forgot that was out. What time is it showing?
No I will purchase another day, what times are available?
Is perfect The Curse of La Llorona.At what time can I watch?
Dumbo is good what time can I watch it?
When is The Mustang playing?
Nope. This time I not interested in booking now. Which time shall I see it?
Hi, I'd like to watch a movie, do you have any suggestions?
I need help finding a movie.
I want to find a movie to wathc
I am looking for a movie to watch.
I have not gone to see a movie in a while. I would like to go see one. Can you tell me what is playing?
Find me some good movies to watch.
What time is it showing?
I need help finding a movie to watch.
I think I will go with Hobbs and Shaw. Do you buy the tickets for me?
I want to go out to a movie.
What times do they show?
I'm looking for a movie to go see.
Me and my friend need a movie to watch later
What time is the movie playing?
High Life sounds good. What are the available times?
What are the show times of Missing Link?
I am looking for a movie.
I am looking for something to see in the movies. What is there in theaters?
The Curse of La Llorona is excellent? What time is it playing?
Yea, when is the movie playing?
Shazam! sounds great, when is it on?
Dumbo is a good one. What time is that available to watch?
Not right now, thank you. What times can I see it?
I hear the movie After is getting great reviews. What are the showtimes?
I want to watch a movie at the theater.
Yes, I want to see Captain Marvel. What time is it playing?
What time can I watch it?
No. That's ok. What time is it playing.
Hey, can you help me find a movie theater?
I would love to see Toy Story Four and would like to buy tickets.
The Poseidon Adventure is exactly what I want. When does it start?
Not at this time. When is the movie showing?
Find movies to watch please.
What are the show times for it?
Can you find me a movie to see?
My cable is messing up so can you help me find a movie to watch?
Its boring to have a routing life and i plan to watch a movie. will you find me a good movie?
I would like to buy some movie tickets.
I want to see a film.
What are the showtimes?
I feel like seeing a movie.
Can you help me find a good movie please?
I would love to watch a movie right now. What's playing right now?
I'd like to search for a fun film to watch.
I'm going out with a friend today and I would like to find a movie to watch.
I wanna see movies to watch
No I don't want to buy them now. What are the showtimes at theaters?
Find me a movie to watch,please!
What times are available?
Find me a theater to go see a movie
Yes, actually, what time is the movie?
The Gloria Bell, the where she thrusts herself in an unexpected romance filled with joys of love, right? Perfect! At what time is the show?
I want to go to a movie. What's playing?
Yes, Hellboy is good. What time?
Stockholm sounds perfect? When can I watch it?
I want to watch a movie tonight, but I don't have any in mind.
I wanna go to the cinema.
Hi, I was hoping to get some help finding a movie to watch.
No. What time is it showing?
No. what time is it showing?
What time is Shazam! showing?
I think a movie will relax me. can you help?
No, I don't want to purchase now. What time can I watch it?
Can you help me to buy movie tickets?
Yes, what's the time of that movie?
I'd like to find a movie
I'd like to find a movie to watch.
Can you suggest a movie to me, I want to watch something.
I'd like to do something fun, please find some movies to see.
No, not right now. At what time is the show?
Red Joan sounds good, what time is it at?
Yes, I've heard great things about Ad Astra, let's purchase those tickets.
No thank you. What times is it showing?
I want to go see a movie.
I have a lot of time to kill today. It's a great day to watch a movie. Any recommendations?
Will you help me find a movie?
I feel, I need to watch a movie now to relax, can you help me in this?
Can you buy me some movie tickets?
I am bored and would like to see a movie.
I would like to find a movie.
I'm up for watching a movie.
I'm looking for a movie to watch.
My husband and I are going out tonight and would like to know of a good movie to watch.
Can you help me find a movie to watch?
Not yet. What are the times for Dumbo?
I would like to watch Hotel Mumbai. What time is it playing?
I'm going out for a date this weekend and I'd like to go see a movie.
The Angry Birds Movie 2 is very good.Buy for me tickets please.
Yeah, what time can I go see the movie?
I want to go to the cinema.
Not right now. What times were available?
What time is the movie?
Curse of La Llorona sounds great. What time is it playing?
The Invisibles sounds great, what time is it playing?
I have some free time and I want to spend it with some nice movies. Can you search for the one for me?
I don't want any tickets right now. What time is the movie showing?
Please help me buy a movie tickets.
Tell me the show timings. What time can I watch it?
Will you find a movie?
I'm bored, I think I want to watch something. Can you find me a good movie?
Lets go with Say Anything.
I think I'd like to see a movie.
I want to spend my free time with some relaxing process and I want to watch a movie to refresh myself. Can you help me to find a nice movie to watch?
Hi, i need a help, i had like to buy movie tickets, could you help me?
Hi, could you search for some nice movies I could watch?
No, thanks. What time can I see that movie?
No thanks, I don't need them right now. What time is it on?
I would like to find a movie to watch.
I interested in watching a movie, can you give me a suggestion?
I'm interested in watching a movie.
Ad Astra sounds great to me! Could you help me purchase the tickets please?
Hey there, I want to see a movie.
Can you find me a nice movie to watch?
Find me a movie please
I want to watch a movie, where is the best place to watch?
Is there a time I can watch it?
I would like to find a movie I can watch.
I'm looking to watch a movie.
I'd like to watch a movie
No i don't want. What time i can watch
I need to find a movie to watch.
Captain Marvel works great. What time is the showing?
I need the time to watch that movie. will you find the time to watch?
Which time would you like to see the movie?
I would love to buy some movie tickets please
I really want to watch a movie.
Can you find me a movie to watch?
No, not now. When is it showing?
Im looking for a movie.
I want tickets for Mission Mangal.
Can you recommend a movie to watch?
I want to find a new movie to see.
No, not right now. What are the showtimes?
Not right now. What time is the movie?
What about a movie? Can you make some suggestions?
I'd like to find a movie to see.
Farewell is perfect. I want movie tickets.
No. Don't do that. What time is the movie.
No not right now. What time is it playing?
No, I am not ready to buy tickets but I would like to know the available times for the movie.
Little is perfect. What time can i watch it?
I am meeting up with a friend and we want to watch a good movie. Do you have any suggestions?
I feel like watching a movie.
Hellboy is good. What time?
What time is Missing Link playing?
Can you show me some movie listings?
No not yet. What are listed times?
Nah, not right now. What time is Captain Marvel playing?
Hotel Mumbai is good. What time is it showing?
Hi there, could you help me find a nice movie to watch?
Hey can you buy movie tickets for me?
I want to find a movie to watch.
No, I'm not ready to buy them yet. What times are available?
No, i don't want to buy now and what time can i see it?
Hey, I'd like to watch a movie, can you help me?
What times do you have available for Curse of La Llorona? I've been wanting to see that!
Long Shot will work. What time is that?
No, not now. What time is the showing?
Shazam! sounds good. What times are available?
Yes. When can I see Teen Spirit
I am looking for movie tickets.
Can you find me a funny movie to watch?
i need to spend my leisure hours by watching a movie. will you find a movie to watch?
Little is just what i'm looking for. What time is it playing?
I'm looking for a good movie.
What time is the movie on?
A movie will help me overcome the monotonous of the day. Is there any good movie?
Can you help me to find a movie to watch?
I'd like to find a movie.
I am planning to watch a movie. Can you help me find some?
I am looking for a movie that I can enjoy tonight.
I am looking for a movie I can watch.
I want to watch a movie. I would like to buy movie tickets.
No, what time is it playing?
I ant to find a movie to watch.
Not right now, but when are the showtimes?
I need a movie to see please.
There is nothing good on TV, can you help me find a movie?
I would like to search for a movie to watch.
Red Joan is good, what time is playing?
Yes, IT two is the nice one and Please also purchase the tickets for me.
Oh, yes. What time does the movie start?
Little sounds good. What time is it showing?
What times do you have available? I don't want to buy them right now.
Yeah, Stockholm sounds good - what times are available?
When is the movie?
Yes. What are the available times for the movie?
I want to watch some nice movie now, can you search for me?
I'm interested in finding a good movie to watch.
What are the available showtimes for this movie?
Hey, I'd like to buy some movie tickets.
I'm looking to buy tickets to see a movie.
What time can I watch it ?
Can you suggest any movies?
I have got two day leave jointly , i wish to watch a move. Will you find a movie to watch?
That would be great. What time would I be able to watch The Curse of La Llorona?
Where do I find a movie to watch?
What time can I see it? Breakthrough seems perfect.
Can you find a movie for me to watch?
I am looking for something to do tonight and would like to find a movie that I can watch.
I am in the mood to go to the movie theater. I would like to purchase tickets in advance.
Any good movies for me to watch?
What time is Hotel Mumbai being shown?
Hello! I'm interested in seeing a movie. Can you help me get tickets?
Shazam! is great. Which time shall I see it?
I al looking for a movie to watch.
No, not at the moment. What time is it showing?
I'm looking for a movie.
I want to watch a movie
Please find me a movie at a theatre.
I am meeting a friend later and we are planning to watch a movie. Can you find movies nearby?
I want to go out and see a movie, can you find a good one for me?
The Missing Link is perfect. What times are available for me to watch it?
I want to watch Hellboy, what time is it showing?
Family is Perfect. When is the show?
I am looking to purchase movie tickets.
I am trying to find an interesting movie to watch later.
No. Not right now. What are the show times?
I need some help finding a movie please.
Hey, I would like to watch a movie.
I want to find a movie to watch?
Long shot is good, let me know the time of movie.
I'd like to watch a movie, can you find a showing for me?
Hi, there! Can you help me find a movie?
What time is Dumbo showing?
