Thats great, Hellboy will do. Show time please
Hey Toy Story 4, that is the one I've been wanting to see, get me tickets for it please.
i have to search for a movie to watch
I would like to see Little. What time is it playing?
What movies are there to watch?
Hey, I'm looking for a movie.
I am bored and want to watch a movie.
Hustlers is great and can you purchase tickets for me?
I have some free time and I want to relax on that time. Can you search for some nice movies to watch?
Another time, please. What are the times available for it?
My friends want to go see a movie, can you help?
Not needed. Showtime please.
I have some time to relax and I need to spend it with a Movie. Can you find me a good one to watch?
I want to find a movie.
Can you find me a movie?
I have an extra day off work and want to go see a movie. Can you buy me a ticket?
Shazam would be great. What time is it showing?
I would like to buy tickets to IT two, it sounds perfect.
What time is the movie showing?
Red Joan is great. When is it showing?
Not at this time. What time is it playing?
The best of enemies will be good, find the show time.
Please help me find a movie to watch.
We'd love to see Missing Link. What are the showtimes?
Captain Marvel works. What are the times?
I want to watch a movie and I need your help to purchase the tickets for the movie.
Penguin Highway is good and at what time can i watch it?
The Curse of La Llorona sounds good. When can i see it?
What are the showtimes for Missing Link?
Find me a movie to watch.
I'd like to watch Hotel Mumbai. What time is the show?
Hey, can you help me find a movie to watch?
Hi! Can you help me find a movie?
What time can I watch the movie?
IT two sounds perfect for me, please buy me tickets for it.
I need to utilize my day in a very calm way for that watching movie is a good choice. Will you find me a movie to watch?
What time is How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World playing at?
Yeah, I heard of that one! Captain Marvel sounds good. What are the showtimes?
Breakthrough is perfect. What day and time is it showing?
Breakthrough sounds great. What times were available?
I am searching for a movie to watch.
I'd like to see a movie, can you find me one?
What time is Breakthrough? That sounds great!
the curse of la llorona sound good. what time do they have it available
I think I will watch Missing Link, what are its showtimes?
Can you recommend a movie for me to see?
What time is it available to watch?
I'm planning on seeing a movie, I don't know what to watch.
Hey! I wish to go to the movies this weekend? Can you find me some good one to watch?
No, not right now. What are the show times for this movie?
I'm interested in watching a movie soon.
Find a movie for me please.
I want to see a movie.
I'm so bored. I want to get out of the house, maybe see a movie.
Missing Link sounds good. What time is it on at?
I'm ready to buy movie tickets.
Could you get me the movie tickets please?
I am looking to book movie tickets.
I am in a nice mood and I like to watch a movie now. How about finding a nice movie for me?
I'd like to catch a movie.
I am in a mood to watch some movie.
Captain Marvel sounds great. At what time could I watch it?
No, don't purchase them now. When are the showtimes?
Breakthrough sounds good. What are the show times?
Hi, I want to find a movie to watch this weekend. 
I'm going out with some friends this weekend and we'd like to see a movie.
Saaho sounds great! Could you get me the tickets please?
I want to go out to watch a movie, please help me find a good one.
I'll go with Dumbo. That's a perfect choice. What time does that movie start, please?
Find me a movie
What time does it show?
No, not right now. What time is it playing?
Hellboy would be perfect to watch, at what time is the showing?
Look for a movie for me to watch.
I would like to watch a movie.
I wish to search for a movie.
I have just finished my business meeting and have free time on my hands. Could you please help me find a movie to watch?
No, I will hold off on buying them. What times is it playing?
Can you help me find a movie?
Family sounds good, what are the times?
I want to watch a movie.
Please find me a movie to watch.
I want a recommendation on a movie to watch.
IT Chapter Two sounds great. Will you buy tickets?
I want to find a movie to watch
I am in a mood to watch a movie, can you find one?
Not right now, do you know what times it is available?
I would like to see a movie.
Missing link would be great. When is it showing?
Dumbo sounds good. When is it?
Can you let me know what time its on?
No, not at the moment. What time is it on?
I feel like I want to watch a movie, so help me find one!
I'd like to watch a movie.
Life is boring and i need to spend my leisure time by watching movie. Will you find a good movie to watch?
Pet Sematary sounds great. When is it showing?
I would like to see Little. What time is the show?
I'm looking for a movie to see.
I need to find a movie to watch
Yes, Long Shot would actually be perfect. I forgot that was out. What time is it showing?
No I will purchase another day, what times are available?
Is perfect The Curse of La Llorona.At what time can I watch?
Dumbo is good what time can I watch it?
When is The Mustang playing?
Nope. This time I not interested in booking now. Which time shall I see it?
Hi, I'd like to watch a movie, do you have any suggestions?
I need help finding a movie.
I want to find a movie to wathc
I am looking for a movie to watch.
I have not gone to see a movie in a while. I would like to go see one. Can you tell me what is playing?
Find me some good movies to watch.
What time is it showing?
I need help finding a movie to watch.
I think I will go with Hobbs and Shaw. Do you buy the tickets for me?
I want to go out to a movie.
What times do they show?
I'm looking for a movie to go see.
Me and my friend need a movie to watch later
What time is the movie playing?
High Life sounds good. What are the available times?
What are the show times of Missing Link?
I am looking for a movie.
I am looking for something to see in the movies. What is there in theaters?
The Curse of La Llorona is excellent? What time is it playing?
Yea, when is the movie playing?
Shazam! sounds great, when is it on?
Dumbo is a good one. What time is that available to watch?
Not right now, thank you. What times can I see it?
I hear the movie After is getting great reviews. What are the showtimes?
I want to watch a movie at the theater.
Yes, I want to see Captain Marvel. What time is it playing?
What time can I watch it?
No. That's ok. What time is it playing.
Hey, can you help me find a movie theater?
I would love to see Toy Story Four and would like to buy tickets.
The Poseidon Adventure is exactly what I want. When does it start?
Not at this time. When is the movie showing?
Find movies to watch please.
What are the show times for it?
Can you find me a movie to see?
My cable is messing up so can you help me find a movie to watch?
Its boring to have a routing life and i plan to watch a movie. will you find me a good movie?
I would like to buy some movie tickets.
I want to see a film.
What are the showtimes?
I feel like seeing a movie.
Can you help me find a good movie please?
I would love to watch a movie right now. What's playing right now?
I'd like to search for a fun film to watch.
I'm going out with a friend today and I would like to find a movie to watch.
I wanna see movies to watch
No I don't want to buy them now. What are the showtimes at theaters?
Find me a movie to watch,please!
What times are available?
Find me a theater to go see a movie
Yes, actually, what time is the movie?
The Gloria Bell, the where she thrusts herself in an unexpected romance filled with joys of love, right? Perfect! At what time is the show?
I want to go to a movie. What's playing?
Yes, Hellboy is good. What time?
Stockholm sounds perfect? When can I watch it?
I want to watch a movie tonight, but I don't have any in mind.
I wanna go to the cinema.
Hi, I was hoping to get some help finding a movie to watch.
No. What time is it showing?
No. what time is it showing?
What time is Shazam! showing?
I think a movie will relax me. can you help?
No, I don't want to purchase now. What time can I watch it?
Can you help me to buy movie tickets?
Yes, what's the time of that movie?
I'd like to find a movie
I'd like to find a movie to watch.
Can you suggest a movie to me, I want to watch something.
I'd like to do something fun, please find some movies to see.
No, not right now. At what time is the show?
Red Joan sounds good, what time is it at?
Yes, I've heard great things about Ad Astra, let's purchase those tickets.
No thank you. What times is it showing?
I want to go see a movie.
I have a lot of time to kill today. It's a great day to watch a movie. Any recommendations?
Will you help me find a movie?
I feel, I need to watch a movie now to relax, can you help me in this?
Can you buy me some movie tickets?
I am bored and would like to see a movie.
I would like to find a movie.
I'm up for watching a movie.
I'm looking for a movie to watch.
My husband and I are going out tonight and would like to know of a good movie to watch.
Can you help me find a movie to watch?
Not yet. What are the times for Dumbo?
I would like to watch Hotel Mumbai. What time is it playing?
I'm going out for a date this weekend and I'd like to go see a movie.
The Angry Birds Movie 2 is very good.Buy for me tickets please.
Yeah, what time can I go see the movie?
I want to go to the cinema.
Not right now. What times were available?
What time is the movie?
Curse of La Llorona sounds great. What time is it playing?
The Invisibles sounds great, what time is it playing?
I have some free time and I want to spend it with some nice movies. Can you search for the one for me?
I don't want any tickets right now. What time is the movie showing?
Please help me buy a movie tickets.
Tell me the show timings. What time can I watch it?
Will you find a movie?
I'm bored, I think I want to watch something. Can you find me a good movie?
Lets go with Say Anything.
I think I'd like to see a movie.
I want to spend my free time with some relaxing process and I want to watch a movie to refresh myself. Can you help me to find a nice movie to watch?
Hi, i need a help, i had like to buy movie tickets, could you help me?
Hi, could you search for some nice movies I could watch?
No, thanks. What time can I see that movie?
No thanks, I don't need them right now. What time is it on?
I would like to find a movie to watch.
I interested in watching a movie, can you give me a suggestion?
I'm interested in watching a movie.
Ad Astra sounds great to me! Could you help me purchase the tickets please?
Hey there, I want to see a movie.
Can you find me a nice movie to watch?
Find me a movie please
I want to watch a movie, where is the best place to watch?
Is there a time I can watch it?
I would like to find a movie I can watch.
I'm looking to watch a movie.
I'd like to watch a movie
No i don't want. What time i can watch
I need to find a movie to watch.
Captain Marvel works great. What time is the showing?
I need the time to watch that movie. will you find the time to watch?
Which time would you like to see the movie?
I would love to buy some movie tickets please
I really want to watch a movie.
Can you find me a movie to watch?
No, not now. When is it showing?
Im looking for a movie.
I want tickets for Mission Mangal.
Can you recommend a movie to watch?
I want to find a new movie to see.
No, not right now. What are the showtimes?
Not right now. What time is the movie?
What about a movie? Can you make some suggestions?
I'd like to find a movie to see.
Farewell is perfect. I want movie tickets.
No. Don't do that. What time is the movie.
No not right now. What time is it playing?
No, I am not ready to buy tickets but I would like to know the available times for the movie.
Little is perfect. What time can i watch it?
I am meeting up with a friend and we want to watch a good movie. Do you have any suggestions?
I feel like watching a movie.
Hellboy is good. What time?
What time is Missing Link playing?
Can you show me some movie listings?
No not yet. What are listed times?
Nah, not right now. What time is Captain Marvel playing?
Hotel Mumbai is good. What time is it showing?
Hi there, could you help me find a nice movie to watch?
Hey can you buy movie tickets for me?
I want to find a movie to watch.
No, I'm not ready to buy them yet. What times are available?
No, i don't want to buy now and what time can i see it?
Hey, I'd like to watch a movie, can you help me?
What times do you have available for Curse of La Llorona? I've been wanting to see that!
Long Shot will work. What time is that?
No, not now. What time is the showing?
Shazam! sounds good. What times are available?
Yes. When can I see Teen Spirit
I am looking for movie tickets.
Can you find me a funny movie to watch?
i need to spend my leisure hours by watching a movie. will you find a movie to watch?
Little is just what i'm looking for. What time is it playing?
I'm looking for a good movie.
What time is the movie on?
A movie will help me overcome the monotonous of the day. Is there any good movie?
Can you help me to find a movie to watch?
I'd like to find a movie.
I am planning to watch a movie. Can you help me find some?
I am looking for a movie that I can enjoy tonight.
I am looking for a movie I can watch.
I want to watch a movie. I would like to buy movie tickets.
No, what time is it playing?
I ant to find a movie to watch.
Not right now, but when are the showtimes?
I need a movie to see please.
There is nothing good on TV, can you help me find a movie?
I would like to search for a movie to watch.
Red Joan is good, what time is playing?
Yes, IT two is the nice one and Please also purchase the tickets for me.
Oh, yes. What time does the movie start?
Little sounds good. What time is it showing?
What times do you have available? I don't want to buy them right now.
Yeah, Stockholm sounds good - what times are available?
When is the movie?
Yes. What are the available times for the movie?
I want to watch some nice movie now, can you search for me?
I'm interested in finding a good movie to watch.
What are the available showtimes for this movie?
Hey, I'd like to buy some movie tickets.
I'm looking to buy tickets to see a movie.
What time can I watch it ?
Can you suggest any movies?
I have got two day leave jointly , i wish to watch a move. Will you find a movie to watch?
That would be great. What time would I be able to watch The Curse of La Llorona?
Where do I find a movie to watch?
What time can I see it? Breakthrough seems perfect.
Can you find a movie for me to watch?
I am looking for something to do tonight and would like to find a movie that I can watch.
I am in the mood to go to the movie theater. I would like to purchase tickets in advance.
Any good movies for me to watch?
What time is Hotel Mumbai being shown?
Hello! I'm interested in seeing a movie. Can you help me get tickets?
Shazam! is great. Which time shall I see it?
I al looking for a movie to watch.
No, not at the moment. What time is it showing?
I'm looking for a movie.
I want to watch a movie
Please find me a movie at a theatre.
I am meeting a friend later and we are planning to watch a movie. Can you find movies nearby?
I want to go out and see a movie, can you find a good one for me?
The Missing Link is perfect. What times are available for me to watch it?
I want to watch Hellboy, what time is it showing?
Family is Perfect. When is the show?
I am looking to purchase movie tickets.
I am trying to find an interesting movie to watch later.
No. Not right now. What are the show times?
I need some help finding a movie please.
Hey, I would like to watch a movie.
I want to find a movie to watch?
Long shot is good, let me know the time of movie.
I'd like to watch a movie, can you find a showing for me?
Hi, there! Can you help me find a movie?
What time is Dumbo showing?
The 9th of this month and I would like a regular show.
I want to watch a movie in Larkspur. I want to watch some Horror movies.
Can you search in Brentwood.
Sure. Search any kind of movies in Fairfield.
Search for movies at Menlo Park.
Can you check for a regular showing of a horror movie in Redwood City.
I'm currently looking at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. I want to watch a movie on a big imax screen. Can you find some good movies in the San Francisco area?
I want to find a Suspense movie to watch in Moraga.
Red Joan sounds great. What time is it playing on March 9th?
I'm in San Jose. Can you look around there?
Can you search for movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I would like to watch Good Boys.
I would like to find a movie to watch in Sonoma.
I'd like to watch it on Tuesday next week.
I wish to see a 3d show.
I would like to see an imax show tomorrow and I would like two tickets.
It's suppose to be raining all day so I'm cooped up in the house and bored. Can you help find me a movie to watch, preferably one that is classified as a Comic and directed by Nitesh Tiwari?
Anything else you can find in particular Ghost genre directed by Michael Chaves.
I don't like those options. Show me imax shows.
I want a 3D showing, on March 2nd, at the Vogue Theatre.
I would like to watch a imax show on the 2nd of this month.
I'd like to see it on the 1st of this month.
I prefer to see it on 16th of this Month
I want to see it tomorrow.
Alameda is a good half way point between my brother and I , let's search there.
Fiddler is the right one. I want to buy movie tickets for 1 ticket.
Tomorrow would be great, thanks. 
Search for me movies shown in Napa.I would like to watch at Century Napa Valley and XD.
Tomorrow at Century Cinema
I wish to see The Lord of the Rings at evening 6.
I want it at 10 o"clock in the night on the 2nd of March.
I'd like to discover a film to watch. Can you search for San Bruno shown films.
What time later today is Pet Sematary playing?
Yup, Little would be perfect. What time is the show? Do they have 3d shows? Will tickets be available to watch at CineLux Almaden?
Brentwood, please. I'd like to watch an Adventure movie at AMC Brentwood.
I wanna watch at the Century Cinemas
I'd like four tickets to the regular show t half past 9 in the night.
I'm in Redwood City. Are there any Adventure movies playing at Century Redwood City?
Can you tell me which movies are playing at Lark Theater, please. I'd like to find a good one to watch.
Three tickets will be great.
I want to watch a movie, can you search for movies shown in San Jose.
Look for movies in Union City.
I want to watch a suspense movie directed by Josephine Decker.
On the 2nd of this month, I want to watch a 3d movie. Can you tell me what 3d movies are playing near me?
I wanted to go to the movies next Thursday.
I want to watch a Scary movie in imax.
This would be Tuesday next week.
I'd like four tickets.
Do you mean the adventurous movies? Nope, Please find something else for I like all kinds if its good to watch.
I like Life history movies and want to find a movie to watch. I would like to watch Century at Hayward.
find any movies which is shown in Daly City?
Can you tell me what movies are playing at Century Cinemas?
What other movies are there? I want something with Conleth Hill in it.
We would like to see Little. Is there any times available for Tuesday next week?
I'd like to see the movie in Union City, and I'd like it to be a Thriller movie.
The March 2nd show I think will be the best option.
Aftermath sounds great! What are the showtimes for IMAX showings?
Will you search for movies shown in Santa Rosa.
I like to watch it on 9th of this month.
I am more in to adventure movies. Could you look for some different movies. Also, I would like to watch at THE LOT City Center.
Please look for movies showing in Campbell.
Please find movies shown in Redwood CIty on the 2nd, I want a regular show.
Can you search around Sebastopol?
March 1st, please.
Can you please list other movies? I'd prefer a regular show.
Ok Red Joan is perfect. Please tell the time to watch it. I prefer the date is on the 5th
I want to watch the movie on 9th of this month, can you tell me the timing?
March 2nd is perfect for me.
Hello, could you help me find a movie currently showing in Oakland?
Wait, no. Can I actually do 3d.
I would like to watch it at night 9:45.
I want to see it this Saturday.
Please find some other movies, I need to watch movies at CineLux Tennant Station. Will you find movies which are shown in Morgan Hill?
I would like hear about movies being played in Brentwood.
It will be perfect for me to watch on next Friday.
I'd like to find a movie to watch. I like all movies.
Can you find a movie. I'm interested in a movie by the director Quentin Tarantino.
I like Comedy movies, can you please help me find one?
Can you find me a Romance movie to watch?
Find me movies in Morgan Hill.
Yes, thanks for asking. I would like to visit at 6:45 in the evening.
Find movies in the Santa Rosa area please.
I'm waiting to see it on 2nd of March .
Only 1 ticket.
Can you search for movies in Santa Rosa.
No, not right now. I want to watch it on Tuesday next week, at Livermore Cinema.
Can you find me a movie? One that stars Michael Cumpsty.
The Curse of La Llorona works good for me. What time is it showing? I'd like to go on the 9th.
whether any other time is available and i need to watch a imax show and need to watch at Embarcadero Center Cinema.
On the 2nd.
I need 2 tickets for the movie on Tuesday next week at 11 o"clock in the night.
I'm looking for a Comedy to watch in a theatre today, can you help me pick one?
Yes, I need to clarify, at what time, I can watch this movie on 2nd of this month.
I want to know what movies are showing in Emeryville. I am particularly interested in movies of the Thriller genre.
47 Meters DOwn: Uncaged sounds great. Can you book me 1 movie ticket for the regular show at two in the afternoon.
An IMAX show will be great!
On march 7th.
I'm looking for some 3d movie tickets in San Jose.
Good Boys is excellent. I'd lik to buy four movie tickets for 9:15 pm.
Nah, those aren't what I'm looking for. What imax shows are out?
I'm looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
Do you know screening times for this movie for Saturday this week.
I want to book three tickets for regular show.
I like crime movies. Can you search for movies shown in San Francisco?
I want tickets for March 7th.
I'd like to watch a movie at THE LOT City Center.
What are the showtimes for the 1st of March?
Hustlers will be perfect for four people at 22:15.
I want to find some other movies and I think Supernatural movies will be perfect for me and search for the one showing at AMC Saratoga.
Can you find me a movie to watch in Berkeley?
I live in Walnut Creek.
Breakthrough sound great! I'd like to watch it on the 2nd. What time is it playing?
Can you help me find movies in El Cerrito?
Let's look for movies in Oakland.
I like Documentary movies. could you try again?
Regular show is okay for me.
It's not necessary to buy now. What time on March 1st can I watch it?
I am interested in watching the movie on Monday next week.
Regular, please.
What time is After playing later today?
Anything else? I like films directed by Steven Spielberg in the Imaginative fiction genre.
What are some movies playing in Emeryville right now?
March 2nd, please.
I want to watch it on the 1st of this month. Are there any good showtimes at AMC Saratoga?
Shazam! sounds good! What times are available on the 4th of March?
I would like to find the movie at AMC Mercado
I don't like those. Show me movies in Pleasant Hill.
Oh yeah, what time is the movie? I'd like to watch it on the 8th?
How about tomorrow.
I want to watch Hustlers in Livermore at ten in the night.
I would like to choose a movie to watch. Can you help me find a movie in the Comic genre with James Corden in it?
I'm located in Oakland.
Is it possible to check for movies shown in Albany? I need to watch a regular show.
I would like to go to a theater in Mill Valley. I only need one ticket.
i want to watch a movie, maybe a thriller directed by Riley Stearns.
could you please find me something else, like a scary movie at Century Union Landing?
Does SF have any movies showing?
Make it San Bruno
I would like to go on the 10th at 11:30 in the night.
Wednesday next week.
I'm in San Francisco. What's available?
In Oakland please
I would like to watch it on the 2nd.
I want to watch Captain Marvel. What time do they have available
Buy 1 ticket for the show time night 10.
Curse of La Llorona sounds great. Is it playing on 6th of March?
I would like to see a movie in San Ramon.
Any other movies available?
No I want something else. What's playing in San Bruno. I don't care which theater.
Can you search Larkspur for Drama movies?
The 9th is the date I am looking to watch it.
Can you find me a movie to watch at CineLux Tennant Station
Can you search for movies shown in Walnut Creek? I'd like to watch a regular show.
Let's try the day after tomorrow.
No, not right now. What times is it playing on March 2nd?
No, I'm sorry. I need to make that 2 tickets for March 9th.
Just one ticket.
Can you find some other movies? Find something at the Balboa Theatre in SFO.
No.I'll buy tickets later. Can you find a 3d show?
Show me movies in Santa Clara. I would prefer a regular show.
Can you find a funny movie for me at AMC Brentwood?
Search for movies in San Jose area
I want to watch a movie in SF
How about on the 1st.
I'd like to view the film on the 2nd of this month.
No. I would like to watch it on the 7th, and nothing fancy a regular show please.
March 5th.
The Best of Enemies sounds good to watch, can you tell me 3d showtimes for Saturday this week?
What time does Hotel Mumbai play at AMC Mercado IMAX?
I want to watch it at AMC Mercado, on the 4th of this month.
On Saturday this week.
A theater in Berkeley would be most convenient.
I'd like to watch a movie directed by Alex Kendrick.
Can you find me a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield?
Are there any other movies? I want to watch something in 3d.
No, I don't want to purchase tickets now. But can you tell me when I can see it? I want to see it in 3d next Tuesday.
I want 1 ticket to a regular movie on Friday next week.
Around SFO would be good.
I'd like to find a showing of Brittany Runs a Marathon in San Francisco.
I'm in San Jose, please find me a movie to watch around here.
Let's get three tickets.
I want you to have a search for movies which are shown in walnut creek
What time is it playing on 3rd of March.
No, I want Stage Door.
A fun movie is on the agenda for our upcoming family night out. It's kind of a big deal because we're still celebrating graduation, and we want to see a movie that's 3d, lighthearted and rated for all ages. What's your take on a movie recommendation, please?
I wanna watch it on 1st of this month.
Can you help me find a Comic movie?
March 2nd would be perfect.
Is there anything else, any type of movie will do.
I want to watch the regular showing of Ad Astra tonight. I want to watch the showing at night 9 pm-ish
Find movies in SF.
Search for movies in San Jose
Anything else? I want something directed by Robin Bissell and starring Sam Rockwell.
The 5th of this month would be perfect.
I wish to see a move at AMC NewPark.
Missing Link is perfect. What time would I be able to watch it? I would like to watch it on the 8th of this month.
I'm interested in getting 2 movie tickets please, something for a regular show.
I am available on the 3rd.
Just regular please.
Can you try March 1st at CineLux Tennant Station?
I was thinking about going to the cinema, I need three tickets.
Life is very enthuastic and energitic , i need to enjoy it almost every moment in my life. Will you find a movie to watch? Any type of movies is opt for me.
I want to watch a movie, preferably something by Jenny Gage. The romance genre would also work.
I want to watch a Comic movie with Gordon Tanner.
I would like to see a movie in Santa Rosa.
Can you search a movie shown in Palo Alto? I want to watch a movie.
A friend and I want to see an imax show at CineLux Tennant Station. What movies are out?
I think we should do Suburban Birds. I think I want something regular on the 17th. Do you have any times?
Not right now? I just want to know showtimes on March 2nd.
I would like to watch a regular show at the Century at Tanforan. Could you make the search for movies in San Bruno?
No not right now, can I have the show times and can you look for the movie in 3d?
I'm specifically looking for movies in Fremont. 
I need to watch a Imax Show. Make it accordingly.
I want to watch at Century San Francisco Centre the movie Missing Link .At what time can it be?
Can you help me find movies showing in Newark?
The 2nd of March would be great and if you could book a regular show that would be even better!
Look for movies in Morgan Hill
What times do they have available for me to watch it? I want to watch it This Saturday. I want to watch a Imax Show. 
A regular show is just fine. The movie is Good Boys and the date is the 5th of this month.
How about something from Tom McCarthy or something starring Jacqueline Brogan?
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Livermore Cinema.
No, not right now. What time does it play? I also want to watch Regal Jack London next Friday.
How about Friday next week at Livermore Cinema?
Please look for movies in SFO.
I need to watch at half past 11 in the morning. i want to watch a regular show.
In San Leandro. I'd like to watch the 3d show.
I was hoping to see IT2. A regular show would be fine.
What movies are showing in San Jose? I really want to go see a movie.
Shazam! is perfect.I want to watch it on Friday next week . What time can I watch it?
Find me shows for the 8th in Campbell.
I would like to see it today?
Can you find some other movies, I like all kinds.
I want to watch on March 2nd
Yes. Search in San Bruno.
Please search for movies in Emeryville.
On the 2nd of this month. Does it come in imax?
I need just one ticket, and a showing at 21:15 would be perfect.
Please look in San Ramon,
How about a search in San Ramon. Any kind of movie is fine, just as long as it's fun.
I would like to go to an Imax movie, can you find me a Comedy to watch?
I want to see it 1st of March, in imax, at Raven Film center.
I will purchase a ticket later what time will be good so I can watch a imax show
i am interested to watch a regular show
I am available to watch on 7th of this month
Santa Rosa. Any good movies around here?
Yes, please find me some other movies. I want to see something at CineLux Almaden.
I would like to know what time it's playing at the West Wind Capitol Drive-in?
I wanna go to the cinema. I don't mind the theatre.
On the 15th.
In Vacaville please
No, not at this moment? At what time is it screening? I'd like to go on the 1st of this month.
I will probably be going on the 2nd.
I want IT two. I need 4 for the Brentwood theatre.
Yes. I'd like to see This Is Not Berlin.
On the 3rd of this month.
Can you help me search for movies that are playing in Emeryville?
Hi, I would like to search for movies currently shown at Albany Twin.
I think I would like to see it on March 9th.
I like to watch a movie. will you find me a movie which has sterling K. Brown as a actor and it should be directed by Thurop Van Orman
Book it on the 7th.
I am thinking the 2nd of March would be a good day.
A regular show would be ok.
How about the 7th of March
I want to find a movie in Campbell.
I'd like to see the film at 11 in the night.
I want to see Captain Marvel.  Are tickets available on the 3rd?  I'd rather see it in 3d.
Cool, but find some other ones too please. I love Adventure movies.
I think an imax showing would be cool. And I want to see it at the evening 7:45. Also can you look for shows on the 1st in San Ramon?
Would you please try purchasing the tickets again but for 1 ticket to the quarter past 4 in the evening movie later today?
I want to watch it on 2nd of March.
I want to watch it today
I want to find a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield.
Pet Sematary is so good. What time can I watch it? My preferred date is March 8th.
Hotel Mumbai! Yes! Will there be a showing at Century Union Landing?
I'm in Oakland right now.
Hey, I'm looking for a movie to watch in Oakland. Is there anything available?
I also like drama movies. Can you find a movie in Sebastopol?
Can you search movies in San Ramon.
Please find a movie in San Francisco.
Can you give me more movie recommendations, I want to see an IMAX show and I do like seeing comic movies.
Lets watch it on the 2nd of this month and right now I will watch a regular T.V. show.
I'd like to see it on March 2nd, and I want it to be a 3d show.
Search for movies in the San Francisco Area, specifically at the Balboa Theatre.
I want to see it on the 5th of March.
I want today.
What time can I watch an imax show?
Search for 3d movies in San Jose.
I saw that already. I would rather see a family genre directed by Herbert Ross.
Hi, could you get me a regular Imaginative fiction movie in Hayward please?
I would like 3 tickets for Hustlers at quarter past 7 in the evening.
Look up for 1st of March please.
I want to go to the movies. Find me a drama
Find me a movie directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Can you find movies in Martinez?
Preferably, the 1st of this month.
I am looking for a regular movie to watch.
Do you know which movies are showing in Morgan Hill?
Can you find some other choices? I prefer an adventure movie at Century Union Landing.
I want to watch in a imax show at 9:30 in the night.
I need 2 tickets for the 2:30 pm show on March 10th.
I'd like to see it on March 5th.
I like Horror movies and would also like to see a movie in Concord. Can you search for one there?
What time is the movie showing at AMC Mercado?
On the 1st of March.
Please find some other movies at Airport Stadium Cinemas.
I would like the 16th of March, in San Francisco at seven pm.
CineLux Delta Cinema Saver is the closest theater I think. I want to see it on March 2nd.
I want to watch a movie in San Francisco.
I would like to see it March 9th.
I just want one ticket to a regular show on 4th of March.
I would like to watch it on Sunday this week.
Can you find me a movie directed by Harry Elfont?
Hi i need a help, me and my friends are looking for movie to watch, we all are interested to watch patric knowles movies, could you find me his movies?
Please check the 9th of this month.
I'm in Berkeley. Any good movies here?
What else do you have? I like funny movies.
Something in Adventure at Morgan Hill, a regular show.
I wish to see it on March 4th.
I want to watch a movie but am having a hard time finding anything good in all these titles. Can you find me something that stars Jeff Harding?
I'm looking for two movie tickets for Good Boys.
I would like to buy tickets for the movie Ad Astra and want to see it on 10th of this month at 22:00. I need 3 tickets.
Have anything else with Huang Lu?
Is there another time? I want to see it on the 5th of this month.
I want to watch it this Saturday.
Yes, okay,but I need to find some other movies especially the one directed by Jovanka Vuckovic. Do you have something like this in your options?
I want to watch in San Ramon
Please look for other films. I would like to watch at The Lot City Center.
I am interested in going for a movie in mountain view. Can you help in this?
Can you do a search for me? I'm looking for 3d movies in San Jose.
Look for movies in San Jose.
We'll be ready to watch it on the 1st of March.
I like the sound of The Curse of La Llorona. What time can I watch it if I want to see a regular show at Century Downtown?
I want to go to the movies. Is there something in theaters in Newark?
I want one ticket for Saturday this week.
I want to watch it on 6th of this month.
I want to watch the imax on the 9th to watch The Lord of the Rings three.
I want to watch a Suspense movie at Century Cinemas.
Find me movies staring Alan Arkin
I want the see the 3d version on the 1st of this month. Is it showing then?
Next Tuesday is when i want to see it.
Can you get me one ticket to the movie Hobbs and Shaw in San Leandro?
I'd like to go on the 1st.
On the 3rd.
Can you please help me find a 3d family movie shown in San Jose.
Can you search for other ones? Something at CineLux Almaden.
I'm looking for a comedy to watch in San Jose at the AMC Saratoga. What movies are available?
the 1st please.
I want to watch 3d show, pls find other movies
Could you please search for some other movies? I wish to see a Fantasy movie at imax show.
On the March 3rd please.
I would like to watch a regular show. Please search in San Jose.
I'd like to watch a regular show.
I'd like to see an imax show actually.
Would you look in San Jose for some movies to see?
I prefer movies shown in Santa Rosa.
Our date is gonna be at night so maybe at quarter to 7 in the evening?
I'm looking for a movie to see preferably in Livermore.
I'm after an Imax film at Century Blackhawk Plaza in Danville can you tell me whats on?
Four tickets for later today please.
Shazam sounds good, what times are there for Monday next week?
I want to go the 1st of this month.
No. That's ok. I'm interested in the time for a regular show.
I would like to watch it on the 3rd.
I am not interested in those, are there any Adventure movies?
I want to watch a a imax movie. I love the Ghost movies.
I need to watch it on 1st of March at night 10:15.
Find movies in San Francisco area?
I need 3 tickets to see it on the 8th of this month for the evening 6:15 show.
I prefer Ad Astra and need four tickets
I want to watch is on March 4th. I want to watch at Boulevard Cinema
What times could I watch it? Are there any imax shows?
Can you search for movies in San Jose.
1st of this month
Hobbs and Shaw is Perfect and i like to buy movie tickets. I need to watch it a regular show and the day is on this saturday.
I want to watch it in Dublin.
Not really - can you find some others? I'd like to go to the New Parkway Theater, a regular show, nothing 3D, they make me queasy.
A regular show is fine. I need one ticket for 7:45 pm.
I want to watch a movie at AMC Bay Street
Can you show me movies shown in Morgan Hill.
Anything else, preferably something with Eugene Dynarski?
What movies are being shown in Healdsburg?
Can you find some other movies? I like the War genre.
I'm in San Francisco. Try searching for movies shown there.
Can you find me an IMAX showing of a comedy movie?
On March 4th.
I want to go out to watch a movie, can you find me some good shows in Pleasant Hill?
Can you find a regular show at around 2:30 in the afternoon?
I'll be in Brentwood. Could you look for movies there?
Yes, I'd like to go at 22:30 if possible.
I would like to watch the movie Friday next week.
I want to find movies in Palo Alto.
My friends came to my house and i am in joyful mood .will you find any adventure movies to watch along with my friends?
Look around for some other movie options, such as a Dramatic story.
Can you find me a nice movie directed by James Gray to watch?
Can you search for moveis shown SFO. I want to watch at Roxie Theater. Please find some other movies.
I need to watch the show at 9:30 pm.
I want to watch the movie in Santa Rosa. Can you check there?
I need the movies being shown in Brentwood.
Body Double sounds good. What time is it showing on the 15th of March at the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema
Find me a good flick in SFO.
I want to watch the movie on the 8th at AMC Bay Street.
I am in mood of watching a Drama movie, so I want to find one.
Please find some other movies in San Ramon. Any theatre is fine.
I am looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
Can you see what else there is? I'm in the mood for adventure films. Can you look at Boulevard Cinema?
In Santa Clara and would like to watch a regular show.
No, can you find an imax show in Concord?
I wish to see the movie which is directed by David Leitch and acted by Lori Pelenise Tuisano.
See if you can find some other movies in San Rafael please.
I enjoy documentary movies. Are you able to look for movies showing in Morgan Hill?
What are the schedules for the movie on the 2nd of March?
I'm looking for a 3d movie in Brentwood.
I would like two tickets.
I have some leisure time so that i could watch a movie. Will you find me a movie directed by Kirill Mikhanovsky and find something like Comedy-drama genre?
Can you find me a movie? I'm in the mood for action
Could you search for movies playing in Union City. Preferably at Century Union Landing.
I would like to catch the movie on 8th of March. Can you find me the screen times for this show on that date?
Check what's playing in Union City please.
Yeah, I heard of that one! I want to see Shazam then. What showtimes are there today? Actually I'm free on the 2nd.
I want to watch a 3d showing of it on the 5th of March.
Look in Santa Rosa.
Just 1 ticket please.
What are the show times at AMC Brentwood?
Okay, let's try something else. How about a movie directed by Gene Stupnitsky instead?
I would like to see it at an imax show on March 4th.
Please search for movies in downtown San Fran.
I am in Alameda.
I am in Daly City - can you find Adventure movies for us?
I just want to relax tonight and watch a movie. Anything directed by Tina Gordon would be good.
I like Biographical movies, can you search for movies shown in Vallejo? I want to watch a 3d show.
Missing Link is great! What time I see it? I want to see it on the 1st of March at Contra Costa.
I would like to see this movie on the 2nd.
Can you search for movies at Stanford Theatre around Palo Alto?
Please find me a non-fiction movie at the Roxie Theater.
I wanna watch it on the 1st.
Can you start your search by looking for Eccentric Story movies in the San Fran area?
i need 3 tickets.
Find me a regular movie to watch.
I need to find a movie, any type works
I'd like to see it on the 2nd.
I'm in Union City, can you suggest any movies there?
I want to see it on the 7th.
Please try again. I wish to see a imax show at 6:15 in the evening.
Shine a light sounds perfect. When is it screening? Any show type is OK.
Can you please look for some other movies, I'd like to see an imax show.
I prefer Union City.
I need two tickets for the movie at half past 9 in the night.
Reserve 2 tickets for the movie at 21:45 for next Thursday.
I want to see it Friday next week.
Can you search regular show movies shown in Santa Clara
Can you look for movies showing in Healdsburg?
No, I don't want to buy the ticket right now. Can you find me the timing of the movie on March 1st at Cinemark?
Look for movies in San Fran.
I want to watch a regular showing on the 5th.
I think After the Wedding would be perfect. Can you get me three tickets for the 4:30 pm show on March 10th?
Hey I need help finding a movie please, I like movies by Satoshi Kon.
The 1st of this month. Look for the 3d version.
No, are there any adventure movies showing in 3d?
I would love to see Dumbo! Can I see it this Saturday?
Can you find movies playing in Martinez.
search for movies shown in SFO
At 22:15 will be okay.
Look in San Ramon.
Can you help me find Biographical movies to watch? It's been a while since I've seen one in the theatre.
I would like to go to Vine Cinema in Livermore.
I want to see it on March 1st.
Next Tuesday please.
Show me movies for Mountain View.
I'd like to find a movie to watch at Century San Francisco Centre.
No, I don't want to buy tickets now. What times are the movies playing? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I want to see the a regular show in Milpitas.
I want to catch a night showing, maybe around quarter to 7 in the evening?
I prefer the 1st of March.
I want to go out to watch a movie in San Francisco, can you search for options?
March 1st.
No, not at the moment. What are the available times for March 1st?
Actually, Breakthrough sounds great. I want to see it on the 3rd so what times is it playing then?
I would like to watch it on the 1st of March.
I want to go on the 1st.
I'd like to see a Fantasy movie, what is playing at Contra Costa in Martinez?
I would like to watch Hustlers.
On the 5th at Albany Twin will be good.
Can you find me a 3d show at the Guild Theatre at Menlo Park?
Please look for a movie in Emeryville.
I want another movie. Any theater in Moraga is fine.
No, please search movies shown in Palo Alto at evening 7:15.
Definitely on March 5th. Is it available
Let's make that a regular showing at 22:45.
I want to see Hustlers in Brentwood at 7:30 pm.
Monday next week would be superb. I'd prefer to see it at Century Vallejo
I'd like to see High Life. I'd like to see a 3d show. What time could I see it?
I want to see it Tuesday next week
Breakthrough sounds great. What time is it available to watch? I am interested in a regular show.
Not right now. When is it showing at Vine Cinema?
Can you find me a regular screening of a Supernatural genre movie at AMC NewPark
Could you find some other movies? I prefer Adventure movies.
Can you tell me what's on in San Francisco.
Could you help find movies of the Adventure genre?
Give me some more choices please Check the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex for an imax show.
Find something else. Can you show what is on in Union City?
My friend and I are looking for a movie to go to. What movies are showing in San Rafael?
Any other showtimes? I'd prefer watching it in 3d at Regal Crow Canyon.
I would like to go in the evening 4:45.
Can you search for movies shown in SF.
Find some more options, please. I want to see 3rd Street Cinema.
Can you find some other movies at AMC NewPark.
Can you find all movies in Pleasant Hill?
What movies are showing in Fremont?
How about Thursday next week.
I want to find movies in Sonoma.
I feel good right now and would like to watch a movie. Can you search for movies shown in San Bruno?
On the 3rd of March.
I need 2 tickets.
the Century Redwood city the March 1st
Keep going. I'm flexible.
Just one please
I am looking for movies in San Ramon.
I would like to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
I'm not interested in any of those, can search some more. And I want to watch the movie in imax.
I'd like to see an imax show at Century at Pacific Commons. I want to watch it.
I need to watch 47 Meters Down
I want to spend my free time by watching a nice Movie like the one with Dramatic Story. Can you find something for me and I want to watch it at Century 20 Oakridge and XD.
I would like to go to a movie in San Ramon. Can you tell me what movies are playing?
What time is the movie playing at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
I want to see Hackers on the 7th of this month. What time does it play?
In 9th of this month it will be great for me.
Not right now. What time can I see the show? I want to watch a regular show.
Can you help me search for a Horror movie to watch?
I want to go out in Petaluma, can you see what movies there are?
No, I don't need tickets right away. What time is their imax showing?
Can you find some other movies? I want to watch one at an imax show in the AMC Metreon nearby.
I am looking for a movie to watch. Can you find movies that are showing in Morgan Hill?
How long can I watch it? Every theater is okay.
Shazam! sounds great. What time is it showing on the 8th of March?
I want to watch it at 8:30 pm and please buy 2 tickets.
I would prefer to see it around 10:30 in the night.
I'd like to watch it on the day after tomorrow.
Can you search in San Jose?
I want to watch it on March 7th.
I'd like to watch it on 7th of this month. I need two tickets.
Can you find a drama film for me?
I would like to see a Fantasy movie.
I would like to watch a Biographical movie near Morgan Hill.
I prefer tomorrow at Century Union Landing. Whatever type of show is absolutely fine.
Yeah, Knock Down The House sounds good. When does this movie start? I want to go see it on the 8th of March.
Please find something else. I'm interested in drama movies. Are there any regular showings available?
On the 5th please.
I want three tickets
I want 2 tickets at 11 in the night.
I'mm interested in seeing an imax movie in Petaluma.
I really want to watch a Fantasy movie. Is there anything available?
Whoops, let's make that next Friday instead. And I think I want to go in Santa Clara.
Please find movies in Hayward.
I like to watch The Lord of the Rings three and i need it on 6th of this month.
I am looking for movies being show in San Jose.
I want Horror movies
Can you find movies being shown in Vallejo?
I want to find a comedy movie. Search for movies now showing in Oakland.
Teen Spirit will be perfect. What time will I be able to watch it? I would like to see it at AMC Bay Street?
I feel like being spooked out. Can you help me find some scary movies?
I want to see Luce at Oakland on the 2nd of March.
What are some flicks in Oakland?
March 2nd please.
I am in Vallejo
I am looking for a movie to watch at AMC NewPark.
9th of March.
I want a 3d movie to watch.
I'd like to see it on Saturday this week.
I'd like 1 regular movie ticket for a show this Sunday.
Please search for IT two in Milpitas.
I'm in Brentwood
San Francisco.
No, Not interested . Find some other movies, will you find me 3d movies
Can you find some other movies I'd like to go see them at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. Any kind of movie will do.
I'd like to see something at the AMC Bay Street. Preferably a comic book-type movie. If you can find one of those, that would be great!
At the Concord area. I want to watch an Adventure movie at the Veranda Luxe Cinema. 
I am in San Francisco.
I want to watch The Curse of La Llorona.  What time is an imax show available on March 1st?
I want to see a movie in Mountain View.
Can you search for something in Santa Clara on the 1st of march.
Look for movies shown in SFO.
Could you help me finding a movie to watch in Union City, please?
I'd like just a regular show, and something on the 4th of this month would be best.
The Curse of La Llorona is great. What time is it available in March 5th?
I need 1 ticket for a movie at 8:15 pm.
Tomorrow please.
I would like to see Little. I would like to watch it on March 1st.
I would like to watch the show at 11:15 am on the 9th.
I am interested in watching adventure movies in imax show.
I would like to see a movie at the AMC Bay Street.
I will need 2 tickets, please.
The Redwood City
No thanks. I like fantasy movies. Can you now search in Campbell?
No, something else, in 3D, please.
I'd like to see it on the 2nd of this month.
I would like it in San Bruno.
This week, I have a lot to do and meeting to attend. I think I'll deserve some time to relax and watch a movie, something I could really use your help choosing. I want to see a Non-fiction movie that I can watch on imax. You have any ideas for me?
Please set the date for the 8th of March.
Find tickets for the movie Farewell.
Yeah, I want to see Hustlers.
I'm in Santa Rosa. I'm in the mood for a fantasy movie.
March 1st please.
Can you help me find a movie to stream in the Play genre?
Find other movies and any type of show
On the 4th of this month.
Any time on the 1st of March
It's movie night! I'm trying to decide what to watch. Can you find movies shown in Sonoma?
Can you find a movie for me with Shayn Solberg?
I'm in Cloverdale.
What's showing in San Jose?
I want to go on March 6th. And I'm located in San Jose.
Could you try March 4th at 10:30 pm in Santa Clara.
I am in Santa Clara, can you search here?
Lets go see Transit, What time is it? Ill go to any theater.
Somewhere in San Fran.
I want to watch a 3d movice in Emeryville.
I want to watch a movie at Sonoma Cinema.
I'm interested in 3d shows at 6:45 in the evening. You can search in Palo Alto as well.
It will only be me, so 1 is fine.
Could you help search for movies shown in Livermore?
Farewell is great. I'm buying tickets for ten pm on 4th of March.
I'm thinking the 7th of this month.
Give me a 3d show.
No, not now. What are the viewing times and dates? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I would like to find movies shown in Moraga tonight.
What time can I see it? I want to watch on the 9th and a 3d show.
What are the showtimes for this movie at New Parkway Theater?
Are there any Cartoon movies showing at imax in Union City?
Please find movies in Santa Rosa on March 2nd.
I was thinking a regular showing on March 8th would be good. 
Hey, I want a movie. Find me one in San Ramon, please. A good one this time!
Find some comic movies. I want to watch at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
Can you show me movies in San Jose.
Can you look for movies in SF.
I prefer a regular showing. Please get a ticket for the showing at 11 in the night.
I would like to be on 1st of this month.
I am located near Hillsborough.
In Santa Rosa search me please.
I want to watch the imax show next Friday.
Look in Morgan Hill.
I wanna find a movie to watch. Can you search for movies in Alameda?
I really enjoy Biographical movies and was thinking of watching Century at Hayward.
I changed my mind. Can you show me regular shows?
I want to find a movie to watch at AMC Saratoga.
Just a regular show, nothing special.
I want to find movies in San Ramon.
Try to find movies shown in Albany.
I want to go on March 3rd.
Breakthrough is perfect. Are there any times for the 3rd?
Please get me tickets to the movie Official Secrets.
Nope, I would like to watch Funny movies especially a imax show. Please can you find any such movies?
I need one ticket to a regular show.
Long shot sounds great. I want to watch on the 11th at AMC Mercado
Can you look for the movie in Newark?
Could you find films shown in San Ramon for me?
I'd like to see it on 2nd of March.
Please search for movies showing at the Pruneyard Cinemas in Campbell.
I'd like to go to the AMC NewPark.  Can you tell me what movies are showing in Newark?
Find me please a movie to watch at Airport Stadium Cinemas
I'd like to go on the 7th.
Are there any movies with actor Josh Gad in them?
I wish to see movies depicted in Livermore and I need one ticket.
Can you find movies in Albany?
find me a movie to watch please. Any show will work
I would like Scary movies. I would like to watch THE LOT City Center.
Find theaters playing 3D movies in San Jose.
Do you know the time I can watch it? I want it to be an imax show.
Mary Magdalene is good I would like to watch it this Saturday a imax show.
I need Santa Rosa at 8:15 in the night.
No thanks. I like adventure movies and I want to watch an Imax show.
I want to see a movie in San Fran.
I feel like going to the movies. I'd like to go see a 3d movie at Guild Theatre.
Anything at seven in the evening on March 1st. I would like three tickets.
I want to see a movie in San Bruno. What's available?
I would like to watch a movie in 3d from the Drama movie genre that I like.
Can you look for movies in Livermore?
Please check the 1st of this month.
Can you find me a drama movie to watch? One staring Taraji P. Henson
I would like to purchase 2 tickets.
Search it in San Jose.
No, something else. An imax show is what I am looking for.
I want to see a movie by Peter Jackson that is a Fantasy.
My friend and I want to go see a movie but we can't find one we like. We really want to see a Drama.
No. This Saturday would work better.
I want to watch Good Boys at 22:00.
Let me enjoy movie directed by Nitesh Tiwari, is there any one?
I forgot. I wanted to see it on Imax and March 8th would be the date.
I would like to see a thriller movie located in Brentwood.
I want to go see it today.
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
It's gonna be 3 of us
Can you find me a movie to watch at a Regal Jack London theater in Oakland? It should be a regular show.
I prefer a regular show, playing at 7:45 pm, on the 16th.
I like Brittany Runs a Marathon.
I'd like to view it on March 9th.
Look for movies shown in Martinez
The 1st of this month at Presidio Theatre.
I want to watch on 1st of this month.
I would like to see it on the 9th of this month.
I want to watch the 21:15 imax please
I'd like to watch a Gladys Holland movie
Can you search for movies shown in Sonoma?
I want to watch the movie on 15th of March, are there any timing available on that day?
I need to find a movie to watch in Livermore. I'd like to see an imax show.
I want to search it in San Leandro.
This Sunday.
I wanna see it on the 2nd
I want to watch something different like a 3D show. And I want to see it at Century San Francisco Centre.
No they don't sound like my cup of tea. What about a 3d film.
I'd like to see it on March 1st.
Yeah, I have changed the date to March 1st and at Century Vallejo.
I would like to see a regular show on March 10th in the San Jose area.
On the 3rd of this month, if possible.
I am planning to catch a movie with my friend later. Can you recommend a 3d movie?
March 7th, please.
Search for movies playing right now in Napa.
I want to see the movie in San Fran.
Hey, can you help me get movie tickets to IT Chapter Two.
Find movies in Larkspur. I would like a 3d show.
I will need three tickets for the 8:15 pm show if available.
I want to watch a McKinley Belcher III movie. I want something directed by Simon Curtis. It should be a drama.
Not at the moment. I'd like to watch an imax show, what are the available times?
I haven't seen a new movie a months. Can you find me an Imax show in Campbell to watch?
Is it on at any other times? I'd actually like to go to the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
Can you help me find an adventure movie showing in concord?
Can you find other movies? I want to see an IMAX movie at Rialto Cinemas.
I would like to find a movie to watch in the Imaginative fiction genre.
I'd like to see a movie, any genre is fine
Please find some other options in imax.
Will you find me movies directed by Tom McCarthy starring Walter the Dog?
Let's try something else. I want a regular show. Something like a Biographical movie.
I would like to watch the regular showing next Monday. What time do they have available, then?
I'd like to see the movie on Sunday this week at 19:15. A regular show is fine.
What time is the movie available on Tuesday next week?
No, don't really fancy that one either. Can you see if there's anything else? We quite like fantasy films, especially stuff directed by Neil Marshall.
Find movies in Larkspur
I'm in San Jose.
I wish to see it on the 9th.
Is it available at another time? How about on March 4th?
Please can you look for a good movie to watch for this week end, might be in San Jose?
I would like to buy a movie ticket in Concord on the 9th for four people.
I'm in San Ramon, please find a movie there.
I want movies shown in Union City.
Not right now. What times are available. I'd liek to see it in Imax if possible.
Find me something else like a regular show.
I'd like a location in San Ramon.
I am in Oakland, so can you find me any nearby movies?
In Santa Rosa please.
I want to go half past 6 in the evening to see the show.
Long Shot sounds perfect. What are the show times? I would like to watch a 3d show.
Can you look in the Newark area?
I want to watch a movie at Century 25 Union Landing and XD. I like dramatic story movies.
Help me find movies showing in San Francisco.
Are there any good movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I'd prefer something else, in Menlo Park, any theater.
Nah. Find me something regular.
I'd like three tickets, please.
What fantasy movies are being shown in Morgan Hill?
Are you able to find movies playing at Livermore?
No, Sunday this week when we have a babysitter. We want the CineLux Almaden.
Comedy movies are my favorites.Search for me movies shown in SF .I would love to watch a imax show.
I would like movies in Petaluma.
I'm in Rohnert Park. Please find me a scary movie.
Can you find me a movie directed by Claire Denis?
I will be available on March 9th. That day would work.
Can you find for movies shown in Santa Clara.
Hey, they got any Fantasy movies playing at THE LOT City Center?
Not right now. What time can I watch it at Rheem Theatre?
I live in San Bruno.
I want to see it on the 1st.
I'd like a Ghost movie. Can you find anything else?
Can you find me a movie shown in Vallejo
I want to watch a movie staring Daniel Camp and directed by Herbert Ross.
search for March 11th.
What time is it showing at CineLux Almaden?
I like to prefer with regular one.
Please find some different movies. Any showing is fine.
I'd like to try and watch it on the 1st of March.
I want all kinds of movies
Probably, on March 8th.
I think Dumbo sounds great. What are the timings for it and I want to see it on the 1st.
No. Please search for a Comic imax show.
I'm at home alone and it is awfully quiet, so it's the perfect time to sit back and watch a movie. Can you find me a movie with Michaela Watkins starring in it and preferably directed by Paul Downs Colaizzo?
Search for Fantasy movies in San Jose.
Any others? I'm looking for something directed by Jonathan Levine, and starring O'Shea Jackson Jr.
I would like to watch a regular show at 3rd Street Cinema in Santa Rosa.
I'd like to look for a film to view at the raven Film Center. Could you look for a film playing in Healdsburg? I'd like to view a 3d film.
Hey, I want to go see a movie. Any theater is cool for me.
Book the show at ten pm.
I'm in Livermore.
I'd like to go watch it next wednesday.
I would like to watch it on 5th of March.
I want to search for the movies in Mountain View.
What's the address for Cinelux Tennant Station?
Find me something else.I want to watch a regular show.
Can you buy me movie tickets for movie shown in Rohnert Park?
The day after tomorrow.
I want to find a movie to watch, Can you search for the movies shown in Petaluma?
Anything in Mill Valley?
I want to see the movie on the 1st of this month please.
Please can you look for some good movies in Santa Rosa of Sonoma County?
Find Drama movies on imax.
No, Not at all. Please search for other movies. Will you search for movies shown in Union City and I like to watch at Century Union Landing location.
Can you find me an Imax movie Show?
I want to want Angel has fallen on day after tomorrow.
Can you try again? But I want Angel Has Fallen at quarter past 10 in the night.
I think we would all much prefer the 3d show.
I'm planning on going to see it on the 4th of this month, as I have off from work. I'm hoping to catch the imax show at AMC Mercado.
in Pleasant Hill, Is there any nice movie you can find here?
I want to get some movie tickets to a 3d show of A Faithful Man. It' sounds great.
Hey. Can you help me purchase two movie tickets to a showing Wednesday next week in Santa Rosa?
No, I want something else please. Any theater will do.
What else is there. I'm watching with my wife so maybe a Rom-com would be good.
Can you find me a 3D movie to watch?
I am more interested in fantasy movies, can you give me movie recommendations for the AMC Deer Valley?
I'm going on a date so I will need two tickets please.
I'm looking for a movie to watch at THE LOT City Center.
No. What's showing at Summerfield Cinemas?
I wish to purchase movie tickets to watch it on Wednesday next week.
I want to watch The Load.
I'd like to go somewhere in Oakland.
I am hoping to go on the 1st of March.
How about the 5th of this month?
I would like 1 ticket for IT Chapter Two in Union City on the 3rd of this month.
I want to see something on Wednesday next week, around ten pm or so. And I'm in San Rafael.
I am in the Santa Clara area.
No. I would like to book 2 tickets in Newark.
will you find me movies in Hayward?
Can you see if there are some other movies? I usually enjoy watching a film directed by Alfred Hitchcock, and for the film to be starring ALix Talton.
Can I have some more options? And can you search in Union City?
It will be fine in SFO
I am in Concord.
I want to watch on the night of the 16th of March, and I only need one ticket in San Jose
I will have some free time coming up and am thinking I might go see a movie. What movies are showing in Alameda at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
There will be two of us.
Please give it a go again and look in San Francisco. I'd like a showing at 6:30 in the evening for Fiddler: A Miracle of Miracles.
Find me a movie directed by Anna Boden in the Adventure category.
2nd of March.
I want to watch something in Imax in San Francisco
Breakthrough sounds great, thanks. I'd like to see it in 3D, when is it on?
I would like 1 ticket to see a 3D movie called Ad Astra.
Search for movies only shown in Vacaville.
Book it for one person at ten in the night.
Look for something else. Something regular.
Get me one ticket for March 1st.
I would like to watch the show at 10:30 pm.
Please try for some other time like half past 10 in the night on March 5th for a regular show.
Also book for 4 tickets.
This Saturday at Century at Tanforan.
Yes, The Upside is what I want to see then. What are the showtimes for today?
I want to watch it at Embarcadero Center Cinema on the 2nd of this month.
Dumbo would be great, what are the playing times on March 1st at any theater.
I would like to see it on March 2nd in a 3d showing.
Yes, I want to watch a imax show: what time is it?
The 9th of March.
Hi, I'm wanting to see a movie. I want something at 8:30 pm.
I would prefer a movie with Frederick Preston
Can you do a search for any movies in fairfield?
Hey, could you please find me regular movie tickets for Friday next week at 22:45?
I want to watch it tomorrow.
I am in Petaluma.
Oh, sorry. I would like to see it on the 9th of March.
Find some other movies, any type of movie is fine.
No. Maybe look at the Century at Tanforan
I would like to see a regular showing of Hustlers. Look for something in Livermore around 21:45.
I want to go later today.
Please find me movies in Brentwood.
I'm interested in Hotel Mumbai, thanks. What are the times this movie is available? I'd like to watch a regular show. 
I'd like to see Chhichhore in Santa Clara. Just one ticket is good.
What time can I watch the movie on the 2nd?
I would like four tickets to IT2 on March 3rd in Mountain View.
can you search for movies shown in San Jose.i like Adventure movies.
Captain Marvel sounds perf. What Time can I watch? I want a regular show time
I am going to watch a movie at the Piedmont Theatre
No, what else is there? I want to see a regular show.
Can you tell me the time i shall able to watch that movie on 4th of March at Century Daly City?
I'm really bored. Can you find me a movie to watch in Union City?
No, don't get me tickets. But can you tell me what time I can see it. I want to see it on March 1st?
Could you try once? I wanna watch it on Saturday this week.
Find me movies showing around Brentwood.
I'm looking for movies in Morgan Hill.
Please find movies in Union City.
I'm in Larkspur.
I'm on Oakland. Can you show me movies from here?
I'm searching for movies to watch. I prefer Drama movies
Hi, could you help me search for some nice Anime movies please?
I would like to buy a movie ticket in San Jose at 11 o"clock in the night.
I want movies in Vacaville.
I would like to search for movies in Santa Rosa, please.
Please search in the San Francisco area.
I would prefer movies shown in Albany.
No. Also, you can look at any theatre.
Hi. I want to find a comedy movie to watch at Century Oakridge. Can you help me with that?
Search for movies in Vallejo.
I want to watch 3d show on 1st of March
Brentwood please.
I wish to search for a movie at Tiburon Playhouse.
Dumbo is perfect. What time can I watch it? I'd like to watch it on March 3rd.
Eh, I kind of want to watching something a little more regular. Can you find what is playing at the Airport Stadium Cinemas?
I like Ghost movies. Search for movies in San Jose.
i need to watch at IT2. Will you search for movies that shown in Mill Valley?
I want to watch a regular show of Angel Has Fallen shown in Concord.
I like adventure movies.Please find some other movies.
I want to go sometime today. I think the United Artists Berkeley would be the closest to where I am.
I would like to find a 3d movie to watch.
No not at present. What time is it on? I am interested in showing on the 4th at Boulevard Cinema.
I think that I want to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
Find me some other movies showing at AMC Brentwood.
I want to find a movie to watch at Century Walnut Creek.
Please search for movies showing in Mill Valley.
I would liek to watch a Scientific fiction in San Bruno at Century at Tanforan and XD.
Any others? Find something in the Comic genre.
I want to watch a imax show for movies in Fremont.And I want to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
No, find some other movies. Search for movies being shown in Santa Rosa instead. Any type of movie is fine.
Just a regular show.
In Sebastopol
I want to watch 3 Below Theaters and lounge.
I need to find a movie in Santa Rosa.
I'll go on March 1st, a regular screening
IT2 is great! Buy me three tickets for the 10:15 in the night showing on the 10th of March
I'm looking for an imax show this Saturday.
I need to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
San Rafael, please. I'd like to see a Drama movie.
I really want to find a movie to watch. I was thinking we could go to an imax show.
No. I want to watch on 2nd of March. What time can i watch?
No, not yet. But what time will I be able to watch a regular show?
I would like to see Dumbo. What time is it showing at ShowPlace ICON?
Make it on 2nd of this month.
Please find out the screening times for 3d shows.
I'd like to see Hustlers.
I'd particularly like a 3d movie.
I am interested in seeing the movie on the 4th at the quarter to 5 in the evening show and would lke 3 tickets.
Can you search for movies in Santa ROsa.
I would like to see After. Any type of show is fine. What times is it showing?
Try some other particularly in Vallejo, imax show.
Hi, could you help me find some nice Action movies to watch please?
My husband and I want to watch a 3d movie. Where is the closest place?
Hi, could you help me find a regular show to watch at Roxy Stadium Cinemas in Santa Rosa please?
Find a 3d movie in Brentwood.
I'm in Campbell. I'd like to go to Pruneyard Cinemas.
I want to find a movie to watch. I like comic movies. I want to watch at Century Napa Valley.
I am looking for a movie in Alameda.
Yes, I'd love to watch it later today.
I would like to find an Exotic movie.
I'd like to see the show at night 10 on the 2nd. I'm fine with a regular show.
Not yet, what are the available time slots for this movie next Tuesday?
Could you search for movies in Menlo Park.
I would like to see it tomorrow
Could you find me movies in Menlo Park?
I want to go on 6th of March, to a regular show at 3rd Street cinema.
I want to see IT Chapter Two on the 7th of March.
I would like to watch it next Thursday.
No, not right now. What is the time that I can see it? I want to see it on the 3rd.
I want to go out this evening. How about some tickets to see a movie at quarter past 6 in the evening?
Not interested. Any other movies which are directed by QUentin Tarantino? type of movie should be Cult genre.
Would you look for theaters around Emeryville? That's where we're eating.
I'd like to watch IT2 in imax.
Do you have any movies with Mike Colter?
I am interested in seeing an Imax show, preferrably a cartoon movie. Would you search for this in Santa Rosa?
I am in Antioch, can you search for nearby movies?
San Jose. I want to watch a regular show.
Find me a movie in Santa Clara.
Can you find a movie for me to watch that was directed by Michael Chaves?
San Jose, so search for movies there.
March 2nd would be nice.
Next Friday would be perfect for me.
I want to watch movie. Any kind of movie works for me.
I need to buy it in Pittsburg.
search for me in Sebastopol.
I only need 1 ticket for the movie.
What are the show times available for this movie? Would it be possible on the March 5th for a 3d version of this movie?
Yeah, we already saw that one. Is there anything directed by Hari Sama?
On 2nd of this month.
Please look for other movies. Are you able to do a search for movies in Emeryville? I would like to see something in IMax.
Can you check whether tickets are available for the show at quarter to 4 in the afternoon on March 7th?
Not now, what times are available and any theatre is fine.
I'm in San Ramon, so search for movies near there.
please search Mill Valley for movies.
I am in San Francisco, can you search for movies in this city?
My friend and I want to watch a movie at Century Daly City
Imax show will be perfect.
I will need 3 tickets for the 9:45 pm movie on the 10th of this month.
What time is After playing? I would like to see a regular show at Roxy Stadium Cinemas.
Please find other results. I like movies directed by Martin Scorsese, and I also like seeing a documentary.
Kindly find a movie in Newark.
i need 1 tickets.
It will be great to watch at Guild Theatre,tell me please at what time can I watch it.
The Mustang sounds good. What are the times if I want to watch it Wednesday next week?
I've always been interested in edwards fairfield. are there any biographical movies showing?
I need you to find me movies in San Jose
I want to see it at eleven pm.
I find boring myself to proceed in my routine life. i need a break so i plan to watch movies. will you buy movie tickets. i like to watch the show at 7 pm.
Anything else? What about movies directed by Iain Softley. Or something that's a Drama?
Can you find me movies shown in Emeryville
I'm looking for a movie at CineLux Tennant Station.
I would like to go today.
I want to see it on the 2nd.
When can I see it on the 8th of March?
Please search for movies shown in Fairfield.
Pillow Talk sounds good. What time is the movie?
I need it in Union City at 11 in the night. I need four tickets.
Nine pm.
Can you find a movie shown in SFO.
Okay, I expect we'll go see the movie on the 5th at THE LOT City Center.
A regular show.
Not exactly for the debut movies but might for the latest one. Please can you suggest some other movies? If you can find the one shown in Oakland, that would be perfect.
I wish to watch a movies shown in Morgan Hill. So Find it in that place.
I am looking for a movie directed by Elaine May to watch. Find something starring Rose Arrick.
I want to find an imax movie to watch later tonight.
No, I want to watch it on Sunday this week. What times is it showing?
On March 1st.
I want to want at Century at Tanforan, find some other movies.
I'd like to find something an Eccentric story movie to watch. What do you recommend?
I want to find a good film to watch with Duane Whitaker and I want something directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Make it movies in Santa Clara
I love adventure movies a lot and I want to see one of those. Can you find me a movie like that in San Jose? Preferably IMAX too, please.
Pleasant Hill.
The day after tomorrow please
What's the showtime for Pet Sematary on next Tuesday?
I want to find a movie to watch. I want to watch a regular show.
If I had my rathers I'd like the tickets for Wednesday next week for a 10:15 in the night showing.
I would like to see the show at half past 8 in the night.
I am thinking of going on March 2nd and I would like to see it at Veranda LUXE Cinema.
The 1st of this month.
Let's try that ticket purchase again please. How about a 10:45 pm imax show?
Just 1 would be needed.
The date would be March 4th, just a regular show is find, some kind of movie around San Ramon would do.
I'm looking for a movie to watch tonight. My favorites are scary movies.
I'd like to catch it on the 10th.
I want to know when I can go see that movies. What are the regular show times?
I am planning to watch a regular show on 5th of this month.
Can you get me tickets to watch the movie Good Boys on the 9th of this month?
I'm in Oakland.
I want to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
I am in Santa Rosa and want the closest theater. What movies are there now?
I'd like to watch it on the 7th of March.
Nope, not now. What time can I watch it? I wanna watch it at Alameda Theatre & Cineplex. Any type of show is fine.
I am interested in seeing something else, preferably at the Regal Jack London.
It will be on the 7th of this month.
Can you search for another one? I would like to watch Century at Tanforan.
I want to watch the show at afternoon 3:30
How about next Thursday?
Please check the showtimes for this Saturday.
I like to watch imax show on 1st of March.
I want to watch The Farewell in 3d
I want to find a 3d movie.
Please recommend a movie that's showing in San Bruno.
I want to watch a Rom-com movie.
I prefer imax show.
What are some movies I can watch in Hayward?
Red Joan is perfect! What time can I see a 3d show on March 5th?
Please search for movies in San Francisco.
What times are available on the 2nd of this month at Boulevard Cinema.
I have to see a regular show movie at 10:30 in the night
On the 7th.
I want to purchase film tickets to a regular movie. Could you look for films playing in Santa Clara?
Try Healdsburg please.
Can you help me find movies in Oakland?
Probably later today.
I'd love Captain Marvel. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch a regular show.
I want four tickets for tomorrow.
Ladykillers is perfect. Can you buy me some tickets for quarter to 8 in the evening? I want to watch the movie in 3d.
Can you find me a movie to watch, directed by Morton DaCosta? I'm looking for a specific one.
Search please some movies shown in Newark on Wednesday next week because I want to buy tickets.
I'd like to a show. Can you help me find a 3d movie near me?
Is there a imax show nearby?
At what time can I watch the movie, if I plan on seeing it on the 1st of this month?
I would love to see a 3d show in Menlo Park.Can you help me find one?
My brother and I want to go see an adventure movie, can you help find one?
I plan on going to the theater Friday next week.
I need the tickets for regular show for the movie Overcomer on 2nd of March.
I am planning to watch it on March 2nd.
Searc in Emeryville, please
Can you search movies in San Francisco?
I want a movie directed by Harry Elfont and starring Harmoni Everett.
On later today
I'm looking forward to seeing it on the 1st.
Can you find me an imax show on the 6th of this month at night 10:30?
the 2nd of this month.
I feel like watching a movie. What's available in San Jose?
What time is it? I want to go to Century at Tanforan.
I want to go on the 2nd of March.
A regular one is fine for us
I would like a regular drama movie at Regal Crow Canyon.
I'm having some friends over and need a movie to watch. Please find me some movies in the comic genre.
make a search for 1st of this month.
I'd like to see it at New Parkway Theater on the 10th of March.
I'd like something else. I forgot to mention but I'm into Comic movies.
Can you fin another movie.
Can you look for films which are playing in Menlo Park?
I am looking for a funny movie.
Have you tried searching for movies in Oakland
I want to search for it in San Jose and I would like to prefer a 3D show.
I want a regular one.
I wish to see it on the 1st.
I want to watch a movie in Union City.
I'd like to look for a film to watch. I like adventure films.
On 2nd of March.
I need 1 tickets that should be a imax show.
I want to watch a Zoe Bell movie.
Just two of us.
I want it on Saturday this week.
Please keep searching. I'd like to see a drama at the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
I would like to watch a horror movie.
I'd like to watch a movie at Reading Cinemas Rohnert Park.
Find me movies in San Francisco.
I would like to watch the movie on the 4th.
I want to watch it at Century at Hayward. 
I want to watch the movie at Boulevard Cinema. Can you find movies that are showing in Petaluma? I enjoy comedy movies.
I'd like to see an imax movie in Novato.
Please change the date and time to 1st of March at half past 9 in the night.
Can you find me a Romance movie starring Haaz Sleiman?
I would like to watch an imax show on the 5th of this month. I want 1 ticket.
I need movie tickets for Toy Story Four, now please.
I would like a regular show.
Can you attempt to buy again? I'd like to watch it at Walnut creek on next Tuesday, during night 9:45.
Anything else? I am looking for Scary movies.
I'd like the 1st of March, if possible.
I am looking for a 3d suspense movie in Santa Clara.
I'd like to watch a movie directed by Malik Bendjelloul
I'd like to see a movie at Century Rowland Plaza.
How about something else like a comic film directed by Morton DaCosta?
I am in Brentwood, there are a few theaters. What movies are around here?
After sounds great! I plan on watching it on the 2nd of this month. Can you tell me what time is the showing?
Can you check for a movie in Fremont?
Curse of La Llorona is perfect. What time can I watch a imax on the 7th
I desire 1 ticket.
My friend and I are looking to watch a movie later. Can you find movies in Walnut Creek?
Please find some more movies. I would like to watch at AMC Bay Street for a 3d show.
Find me movies in Union City.
No thank you. Can you search for movies showing at Century at Tanforan in San Bruno.
This Saturday.
Shazam! sounds great! I want to watch in Tuesday next week. What times are there?
Likely at 6:30 pm.
Can you find me a regular movie show that I can watch in Santa Rosa?
I'm looking for something to do with my evening. What movies are showing in San Jose?
No, regular show is enough to me.
Century Cinemas is in San Leandro.
Dr. Strangelove sounds good. I don't care about the theater, but what times are available?
I would like to watch the movie at any theater today.
I was thinking about seeing a 3d movie at the Lark Theater. Can you search for the movies playing in Larkspur right now?
I feel Shazam is good for me and i want to watch it in Century Walnut Creek and what is the show time?
Somewhere close to home so I don't have to drive far would be great, start with Brentwood.
Yes, Overcomer is good and I want to purchase the tickets now. Please buy one ticket on March 7th for the show time at 10:30 pm.
I want to watch it at quarter to 11 in the night.
Tuesday next week would be best
I'm looking for movies in Santa Clara.
Yes, Teen Spirit would be great. What time is an imax showing playing?
What time is the showtimes on March 1st?
I want to go on the 11th, at 3 Below Theaters And Lounge.
Search for movies being shown in Newark.
I am feeling bored. Is there any Fantasy movies laying?
Can you find me a thriller movie directed by Alexander Mackendrick?
No, now right now. I want to see it at CineLux Tennant Station on the 4th of this month. What time is it playing then?
I want to see it on Saturday this week.
What else is there? I want to see an imax movie.
Look for movies plating San Ramon.
Gloria Bell would be good - I'd like to see it on the 9th of this month, what time does it start at?
Actually, you know what, I changed my mind. I think I want to watch Hustlers in Santa Clara, can you search there please?
Actually can you make that a 3d showing for later today?
I'm looking to watch an action movie directed by David Leitch starring Alex King.
Could you look for films shown in Napa?
Can you tell me if it's playing on the 2nd at Pruneyard cinemas?
I want 2 tickets for the show on March 1st.
At what time i shall able to watch that movie? Whether i could able to watch it on 2nd of this month.
I want to find Animation movies that are 3d showing in Santa Rosa tonight.
Red Joan will work. what times are avaliable for the 9th of this month.
I want to see it on March 7th.
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it on? I want to watch at Century Union Landing.
I want to watch a regular show. I want to want it on 3rd of this month.
I want to see it on Wednesday next week.
I'm going on a date so I need 2 tickets on Saturday this week in SF
I'd like to view the show during 5:15 in the evening.
I'll see it this Saturday
I am looking for showtimes on the 17th.
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it showing at AMC Mercado?
Is there another show time? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I want to watch it on the 1st of March.
I think I'd like to get 1 ticket for the evening 7:30 pm showing.
I'd like to find a movie to watch. Would you find me movies in Santa Rosa? A regular show would be good.
I want to see it at Century Union Landing. What movies are playing in Union City?
I'd like to watch it on the 5th.
A show in Danville will be great.
Could you look in Union City?
I have a lot of leisure time and i am going to make use of it. Will you find a movie to watch? Actually i like Drama kind of movies
Sometime on the 6th of this month. 
Im looking to watch a movie that is in 3d.
I want to watch a movie that Ian Hendry is in.
I am in San Jose. Also I want to see a 3D movie.
Tell me what is showing at the CineLux Tennant Station in Morgan Hill.
Can you find me seats for Once Upon a Time In Hollywood?
Search for Morgan Hill.
What time can I watch it on Wednesday next week?
I want to go next Friday.
I am currently at Sebastopol, could you find for movies currently showing in this area?
Let's go with Sunday this week.
What time can I watch it on March 2nd at 3rd Street Cinema.
Little is the one for me. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch it today.
I need it at Century 20 Great Mall and XD, for movies in Milpitas. I want to see Action.
I want to watch a 3D show. Can you search for movies in Napa?
Search for movies in Larkspur.
Can you search a comic movie for me?
The 4th of this month
I don't really like any of those. How about some Drama films? I want to watch it at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
I wanna see Embarcadero Center Cinema and in imax
Find movies in San Leandro
No, I don't want to purchase now. What time can I watch it? I want to watch a 3d show.
I want to see the movie on the 4th of this month.
I would like to watch a 3d movie.
I want to watch a movie that's been shown in Fairfield.
I'm thinking today at the AMC Eastridge.
Could you please find the movie in Tiburon?
Its Santa Clara, so please search for movies nearby.
No, not now. I want to watch it at regular show times at CineLux Tennant Station. What time can I watch it?
I'd like 4 tickets to watch the show at nine pm.
I'd like to get movie tickets to go watch After The Wedding.
Search for movies in SFO please.
I plan on seeing it on the 2nd of March.
I want to watch tomorrow.
Actually, what time is the movie. I want to see it in an imax theater.
I wanna watch IT Chapter Two on the 7th, preferably in Mill Valley
Thanks. That's all I need.
Long Shot sounds great.
I want to see that.
Sounds perfect, that's all I wanted.
That's great, that'll be all for today.
Yes, Pet Sematary sounds great!
Yeah! That works.
That sounds just fine.
may be Little, I think which is perfect.
That is great. I don't need anything further.
Sounds good
Oh, I forgot about Captain Marvel. That one would be perfect.
That is great .That was all that I needed for now.
Sure thing.
Oh, It sounds good.
Breakthrough sounds great.
That's perfect, I'm all set.
I see, that sounds great! That is all I need for now.
Sounds good, thanks. That's all I need!
That sounds perfect. That's all I need for now.
Awesome, thats all I need to know.
Yes, I want to watch The Curse of La Llorona.
The Curse of La Llorona sounds good.
Awesome. Thank you for your help.
Yes, that one sounds really good. That's all I needed today.
Captain Marvel sounds great.
Breakthrough sound perfect.
I've heard Shazam! is really good. I think we'll watch that one.
Sure. I've never heard of it, but we'll give it a shot.
Great, That's all I need
That sounds good.
Sounds good. That's everything for now.
That seems good. That'll be all.
Missing Link is good
Yes, I would like to see Penguin Highway.
Awesome, thanks. That'll be everything.
That sounds great!
Official Secrets sounds prefect.
Thanks thats everything
Red Joan sounds great.
Lets go with Hellboy.
That will work.
That is perfect for me.
That one sounds good, thank you. That's all I need.
Ok. This is perfect
Ok that sounds good.
Pillow talk sounds good to me.
That sounds perfect.
I might like it, thank you for the advice, bye.
Thanks, that is all.
Thank you for the information.
Ash Is Purest White would be great.
Awesome. That about does it.
That seems awesome.
Terrific. That's all I need for now.
Yeah that one sounds better
Hotel Mumbai is a good movie.
Fiddler is perfect.
Shazam! sounds perfect!
Ad Astra is a good movie.
Perfect.
Ok i got it ,Movie Pet Sematary is Perfect and it suits my taste.
Sounds good, that is all.
sounds very good
Shazam! works for me.
Yeah, The Last Dragon sounds great
I love Dumbo.
That's not too bad.
Great. Thanks for the information.
Shine a Light sounds good.
Yeah, this sounds great.
Captain Marvel it is that's just the kind of movie I was looking to see.
Dumbo seem like a good choice.
The film Where would you go is fine for me.
That is perfect, that is all.
Dumbo sounds great!
That sounds perfect, I'm all set.
That works
Sounds great. That's all I need for now.
Ok. That is all i need
Shazam! sounds good.
Perfect! Thank you for your help.
Wonderful thanks. That is all.
I would rather see Breakthrough.
Thank you
Teen Spirit is perfect.
Ok. Great. That's all for now.
That's good then, that's all I need
It is ideal for Captain Marvel.
That's great , and thanks a lot
Alright, that sounds fine. I don't need help with anything else.
Sure. That's all.
That will be suitable.
Little is perfect.
Thank you. Sounds good.
Ok, that will work. That's all I need.
Oh i think Pet Sematary may be a great movie to watch
That's great. Thanks.
That sounds perfect!
after is perfect
Oh yes! A Madea Family Funeral. I've been wanting to see this picture.
ok thats great, thank you very much.
That sounds good, that will be all.
OK it's good
I love to watch Pet Sematary.
I want to watch Ash Is Purest White?
That sounds great, The Curse of La Llorona it is!
I like that, thanks!
Sounds perfect. That will be all.
Great, thanks.
After sounds great.
Yes that is good information.
I'd love to see Hobbs and Shaw.
Thank you for your help. Have a nice day.
The Curse of La Llorona sounds great.
Okay, that's all the help I need.
Missing Link sounds perfect.
Red Joan is great!
Good looks. You've been a lot of help.
That sounds perfect for me.
Sure that sounds great
That works for me.
Okay, that works.
Great, that will be fine.
Okay, sounds good.
Sounds great, Im ready.
Ok, Shazam will be perfect! I can't wait to see it!
Captain Marvel is perfect.
That is fine.
I would love to see Captain Marvel!
Yes, I want to see that. Thanks.
OK. That is all.
That sounds good. That's all I need for now.
That's good. That's all I need for now.
That sounds good, that is all I needed.
This movie is fine, thanks
Okay, Dumbo sounds great.
That sounds great. That is all I need help with today.
That will okay for me.
That's great for me.
Thanks.
That sounds great.
Great!
That sounds right thank you.
That's perfect, that's all I needed.
Sounds good. I don't need anything else.
Sounds perfect.
That sounds like a plan.
Great. I'll take that.
That one sounds good.
The Curse of La Llorona is about perfect!
Sounds good to to me.
Ooh, Hellboy sounds good.
I've seen the trailer for Hellboy and it looks pretty sick. I want to see that.
The Curse of La Llorona sounds like a movie I'd enjoy.
That is great.
Oh, I'd love Pet Sematary.
OK, sounds good, thank you.
Okay, I'll try that one. That is all I needed.
After sounds like a good movie.
Oh, Teen Spirit is good!
Hustlers is perfect.
Perfect, that's all.
I would love to see Missing Link!
I like his movies! Thank you for the help.
Awesome, sounds great.
Give me The Curse of La Llorona please.
Hellboy sounds good to me.
I prefer Long Shot.
Thanks, that's all.
Okay, That sounds great.
Little sounds perfect.
Thanks, that's all I need
Sounds good, that's perfect. Thanks for helping.
Okay, that more along the lines of what I was looking for.
The Best of Enemies sound great.
Sounds really good.
Perfect. Thanks for your help.
Sounds perfect,that's what I needed now.
Red Joan is an excellent one.
Thanks a lot, that's all I need.
Oh great, thanks a lot. That's all.
Sounds good, that's all the information I need.
Let's go with that.
That sounds great, that's all I need for now.
Awesome, Thats what i need
JT LeRoy works for me.
Oh, I want to watch Captain Marvel.
Josie and the Pussycats would be perfect. I want to see it.
I'll see Shazam
That sounds fine. That does it for me.
Breakthrough sounds awesome.
Sounds great.
Shazam! sounds good, the trailer looked cool.
Little sounds like a good movie, I've seen the previews.
Good Boys sounds great!
Red Joan sounds good to me.
I like the sound of that. I don't need anything else.
Okay, that is all I needed help with at the moment.
That sounds good. That's all I need. Thank you.
Sounds good thank you, that's all I need.
Awesome. That's all I need.
Hotel Mumbai is perfect.
Yes IT2 please.
Body Double sounds good.
Wild Nights with Emily sounds good.
Okay, great, that's all I need for now.
Hellboy is a good movie.
That's a little late, but it sounds good. Thank you that will be all I need.
I want Captain Marvel.
Thanks, sounds good to me.
Yes, that works for me
How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World sounds good.
sounds cool.
Perfect! Sounds nice.
Ok, fine. That would be all.
I'll see Viva Las Vegas.
Sounds excellent. That is all I wanted?
That's perfect. That will be all?
That sounds good
Yes! I think Shazam! is just right.
Nice, I love fantasy.
Thank you that is all I need.
Okay, sounds good. That's all for now.
Alright, thanks for that, that will be all.
Great
I would like to see that showing.
Shazam! sounds like the perfect movie.
Alright, that sounds great!
Sounds good. That's all I need.
Great! That's all for now.
That's perfect. That will be all for now!
Good.
Looking nice.
Okay, I like this.That's all I needed.
Yes. Good
Okay, sounds fine. That's all I the help I need.
That's perfect, thanks
Okay.
Sure.
How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World sounds awesome!
That sounds fine. That's all I needed.
That's perfect. That'll be all.
Perfect! It is just something that I'm needing.
Thank you for your help.
Red Joan would be great.
Perfect, I've been meaning to see Hellboy.
Thanks, that's all I need.
Sounds good.
Oh great, I want to watch A Faithful Man!
Hellboy sounds good.
Yeah. I want to see Dumbo
How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World is perfect
That would be awesome.
Missing Link sounds awesome.
That sounds wonderful; that's all.
Great. It will do.
Okay sounds good, thank for that.
Yes, that is Okay, that's all, thanks.
I like Ash Is Purest White.
Breakthrough sounds perfect.
The movie Hotel Mumbai is good.
Ok that sounds good. that's all i need
That sounds good to me.
Sounds good. That's all I need. 
the good sounds
Sounds good. That is all I need thank you very much. 
Sounds good, that's what I needed.
Sounds good. That's what I needed.
Sound good. Thank you, that's all.
Yeah. Sounds good. Thank you
Sounds perfect. That's all I need.
I'd like to watch Captain Marvel.
That sounds great. That is all I need for now.
Perfect! I love Quentin Tarantino movies. Thanks for the help!
Great, i like that
Sounds good. That's all.
I choose Missing Link.
I want to watch How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World.
Yes, that is good.
Pet Sematary sounds good.
Missing Link sounds good.
That sounds nice. Thanks
Perfect, thanks.
Pet Sematary will be perfect!
Breakthrough, huh? That's very fitting.
Perfect. Thanks for your help. That will be all.
Shazam! sounds perfect.
The Best of Enemies sounds great.
Sounds great!
Little sounds like a good movie.
Dumbo sounds good.
Little would work well.
That will work for me.
That's perfect. Thanks for your help.
Thats perfect.
Shazam! would be great.
I like Missing Link.
Sounds good. That's all I need for now.
Ash Is Purest White is perfect.
Shazam sounds great!
OK, that's all the info I wanted. Thank you.
That would be great.
Great, that's all I need.
Yes, that'll work.
Sounds great thanks.
Perfect, I'll go with The Curse of La Llorona.
Breakthrough is great.
Yeah that will work thanks.
It is great. It is what I want.
IT2 sounds great.
That's perfect. Thanks.
Shazam! works just fine.
I would love to watch Hellboy.
Wild Nights with Emily is perfect!
Yes, I like that movie very much.
That' s all.
Good Boys sounds great.
That sounds fine.
Auntie Mame is perfect!
Yes, I like it and thanks for your help to search the same. That's all
I want to Watch How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World.
Sounds good, that's all I need.
Yeah that sounds nice. Thanks
Ok
sounds very good. That is all I will be needing
I think Breakthrough is perfect, good choice.
Dr. Strangelove sounds great.
Captain Marvel sounds good.
I want to watch Pet Sematary.
Suburban Birds will be good.
Ok, that will be cool.
Shazam! sounds great!
The Curse of La Llorona sounds awesome!
Perfect, that's all I needed
I would like to see Dumbo!
Pet Sematary is perfect.
Hotel Mumbai works for me.
That is perfect, thanks!
Sounds great. Thats all I need.
Thank you. That is all.
That sound perfect.
That sounds good. I will get tickets later.
How to Train your Dragon: The Hidden World will work. 
That's great! Thanks for your help!
Please choose 4 pm. That sounds good.
That sounds amazing!
Fighting with My family sounds great!
Yes, I want to go see Shazam!
Lets do Shazam.
Awesome, thats all I needed to know.
Knock Down The House sounds great to me.
Shazam is perfect.
I choose Little.
Sounds good. That is all I need.
That will work! That is all I need.
Sounds fine. That's everything I need.
That sounds amazing. I don't need any more hlep.
That's great.
Okay, yeah, that sounds alright.
I would like to see Family.
Gloria Bell sounds like it's right up my street.
That is good! Thank you.
Thanks for the information.
Little is perfect. I want to watch it.
Yeah that sounds good. Thanks, I don't need anything else
Ooh. I want to see Pet Sematary.
Fantastic.
Oh, It's perfect!
The movie Red Joan is a perfect movie
That is all I need, thank you.
That is all I needed.
Sounds great. That's everything.
ok thats all i need
Dumbo works for me.
Ash Is Purest White is good
Okay, sounds good. That's everything.
Dogman is great thanks.
I would like to watch Hellboy.
Ok that's great and sounds good to me.
OK, I think that is the right one. That's all I need today.
Shazam! is perfect.
That is ok.
Sounds like a plan. I'm good for now.
That's great, thanks.
That sounds good. Thanks.
Perfect, that's what I was looking for.
Sounds perfect. That's all thanks.
The Curse of La Llorona is perfect.
That is all, thanks.
Yeah, that's the one, awesome. That's all I need.
That sounds awesome, that's all I needed.
It is great. That is what I want.
That sounds great, thanks.
Sounds good.That is I need.
Red Joan sounds perfect for me.
Sounds like a plan, and thanks for your assistance!
That is perfect.
Sounds very good. That is all i want
I think Dumbo will be the best choice.
Breakthrough works
Sound good, thanks.
Sounds perfect. That's all.
High Life will be perfect.
Thanks! That's all I need!
That's a good one.
Breakthrough sounds like a winner to me!
Awesome. I don't need anything else.
Great! That's all I need.
Works for me!
ok perfect
That's perfect.
Ok, sounds good
It's cool. That is all i want.
Shazam is good one.I like to watch it with my friends.
Great.
great
Hellboy would be the perfect movie!
OK, sounds great, thanks, that is all.
Yeah, that sounds really good.
Ok thanks. That's it for now
Once Upon a Time In Hollywood sounds great.
Cool. Thanks, I don't need anything else
Perfect!
Thanks that will be all.
The Best of Enemies sounds good.
You've been very helpful. Thanks.
Sounds great to me.
Citizen Kane sounds good.
Yes, that works.
ok that's all i needed.
Jt Leroy is perfect.
That sounds great to me!
I'd like to see Little.
ok that sounds good . thats all i need.
Sounds good to me.
Great, thank you!
Fine, I appreciate the idea.
Perfect, I'm in the mood for Romance.
Sounds great for me
That's perfect. I don't need any more help.
That sounds like something I'd like.
Toy story four is perfect.
I want to see Pet Sematary!
Ok its great and its suits me
That all sounds good.
I prefer to go with Brittany Runs a Marathon.
That one sounds great.
Great, that all sounds good.
For how much? What's the address?
That is all correct, what is the address of the theater?
Can you tell me the name of the director of the movie?
Super, what genre is that movie considered? Can I get the address of the place?
Who acted in it?
What's the genre?
What about its ticket cost?
Who's in this movie?
can you tell me, Who is the director of that movie?
Yes. Which theatre is bes.
What genre is that, and who's in it?
Okay, how much do the tickets cost and can you provide me with the location of the theatre?
Okay..this is perfect...can i know the ticket cost?
Who acted in this movie and who is the director?
and what is the ticket cost?
What style movie is this?
Can you tell me who directed it and which actors are featured in the film?
I need an address.
Cool, I love fantasy. What's the address of the theater, and how much would a ticket cost?
What sort of movie is it?
That is perfect. please go ahead. What is the name of the theater that you have booked the show for me?
Yes, that's right. What kind of movie is it and how much is the ticket?
Yes please. What theater is good? And what would the address of that theater be?
Fine, what kind of movie is it? How much must I pay?
How much is the ticket cost? What kind of a movie is it?
Alright. What is the address and how much does the ticket cost?
What's the address? And how much does it cost?
What is the genre of the movie? Can you get me the address of the theater?
How much is it? And what's the address?
How much do tickets cost?
May I know who played in this movie?
What's their address and how much is the ticket?
Can you tell me the genre of the movie please.
Yes, all the information you have is correct. What theater would you suggest and how much will the tickets cost?
Where can I find the theater?
Yeah, that's perfect for me. What type of film is it, and where is the theater located?
Yes, how much is the ticket and what is the address of the theater?
Whis is the price of the ticket and where is it located at?
Who acted and directed the movie?
How much?
Could you please find out the theater address, as well as the ticket price?
Can you tell me the names of the Actors and Actresses that star in this movie?
What sort of movie is it and which theater is best?
Can you get me the address of the theater and ticket price please?
Yes thank you. How much is it and what kind of movie is it?
May I know the address of the theater and the kind of movie it is?
Who directed this movie?
Who directed Angry Birds 2? Is that a comedy or what?
What type of movie is this?
What genre is this movie? And where is the theatre's located
Can you please give me the address for the theater?
I haven't heard of it, are there any well-known actors in the movie?
I don't know, what genre is the movie classified as and can you tell me who directed it?
What is the genre?
How much per ticket?
That sounds good. What is the address of the theater?
Who directed it?
How much is it for a ticket?
What's the address of the theater? What sort of movie is it?
Where's the theater located?
Wait. How much are the tickets? Is this a Horror movie?
what is the ticket cost?
Where is the theater and how much is it?
Where's the theater at?
Quick question, what genre is this movie classified as?
Do you know what genre the movie is?
May I have the theater's address please?
How much is the ticket? What's the address of the theater?
Find me the details about ticket cost and the theater address.
How much will the ticket cost, and where is the theater located?
What genre?
What genre is the movie? What's the theater's address?
Can you give me the address to the theater?
Yes and please give me their address.
Who directed this movie? What's the genre?
I'm not familiar with it, can you tell me who stars in the movie?
Can you please tell me the ticket price?
What's the theater's address?
Where's the theater at and how much are tickets?
How much does it cost?
How much are the tickets going to cost, and what is the genre of the movie?
Awesome. What will a ticket cost me? Also, what's this movie about?
That is fine with me, may I have their address please?
Ok, What genre is this movie?
Maybe. Who's the director?
Yes, what is the address of the theater ans price of ticket?
How much does the ticket cost and what is the address of the theater?
Yes, what's the address? What's a good one?
Yeah, that's perfect for me. What is the ticket price?
Whats the ticket fare and address of the theatre?
It is good. What is the name of the theater and their address?
Where's the theater at? And how much is it?
You can tell me please the cost of ticket and what type of movie is?
Tell me about the cost of the ticket for that movie?
Who directed this movie and what genre is it?
Where is the theater located?
What is the location of the theater?
Okay, Thank you, Please tell me the ticket cost and Which theater do you prefer for me?
Who is the actor in the movie?
the answer is below
Who acted in the movie?
Please tell me who's starring in the film, as well as the genre.
Yes, that sounds good. How much will this cost? Can you get me the address of the theater?
What genre is it and how much are tickets?
What is the address of The Lot City Center?
Can you tell me which genre this movie is in and who stars in it?
Can you tell me the cost of the movie and what kind of movie is it?
Who directed the movie?
What's the address?
What type of movie is Captain Marvel? I just want to make sure it is the one I had in mind.
Okay, nice. What genre is Hellboy listed as?
Who directed this?
Who starred in the movie?
Do you know the price of the ticket? Where is that theater?
Where is it? What genre?
Who acted in this movie and what genre is it?
what is the cost of the tickets and what is the address
What is the theater's address and how much is a ticket?
How much is that?
Beautiful. Now, what address do you have for the theater?
Where is the theater? What is this movie about?
yes, it seems good for me. give me their address?
What is the cost for the ticket?
Yes, that is correct. What is the address of the cinema.
That is perfect. Please proceed and let me know the type of movie.
Who starred in it?
Let me know the cast and crew details of this movie to choose.
Yes, That is correct. Can you find me the address of the theater and the cost of the ticket?
Alright, how much is that ticket?
Do you know the theater's address as well as the ticket price?
Where is the theatre and how much is the ticket?
Yes, that's right. Which is the preferred theater?
What type of movie is it?
Yes, what is the address>
Who was in that?
Do you know the address of the theater?
Sure that will work for me . What is the address of the theater?
Can you tell me who directed it?
How much do the tickets cost?
Let me know the address of the theater along with ticket cost.
How much for a ticket?
That's kind of pricy. Alright, what's the address of the theater?
That's great! How much does the ticket cost?
Tell me the address of the theater and what kind of movie is it?
What genre is it?
Great, how do I get there?
Who is the director and who acted in the movie?
What genre of movie is it?
What is the name of the director of the movie and which genre?
What genre does this movie belong to and how much does the ticket cost?
Sounds great. What genre? Address of theater?
Yes that's perfect, what's the theater address so I can find it?
How much does it cost and what is the address of the theatre?
What is the genre of this movie. How much is the ticket?
What is the type?
What genre is it? How much does it cost?
What is the cost and type of movie.
What's the price of a ticket?
What is the address?
Yes, that's good. Is there a theater that you recommend? And what's the address for it?
I would like to know how much the ticket costs?
Can you tell me the names of the actors and the director of this movie?
Who are the actors of this movie, and who directed it?
Who is the director and actors?
Where is the theater? And what kind of movie is it?
I've never heard of her. What genre is the movie classified as and who directed it?
How much is a ticket?
What is their address and what is the price of a ticket?
Gosh, that's kind of late. How much is a ticket?
What is the genre of the film?
What kind of movie is it?
How much does a ticket cost?
How much were the tickets? What is the address of the movie theater?
How much are the tickets and what is the address?
What type of movie is it and what is the price of a ticket?
What genre is the flick?
What is the theater's address?
What genre is this movie and who are the cast?
And how much does it cost?
I have never seen that movie, what kind is it? What about the address?
Ok that sounds good. How much is the ticket costs? what is the address of the theater?
What is the ticket charge, where is it located?
Can I have the price of the ticket and the address to the theater?
What is the theater address?
What is the address of the theatre and how much are the tickets?
May I know who directed this movie please?
Who's in it?
Thanks. How much does the ticket cost? Also, what kind of movie is it again?
Yes, confirmed. What genre is Hustlers?
How much are the tickets?
How much was the ticket?
ok that sounds good. Which theater the movie is?
How much the ticket cost?
Who is the director? What kind of movie is it?
What's the address of the theatre and how much is the ticket?
How much does that cost? Where's the theater?
Can I have the correct location of the theatre? I mean, address..
Whats the address?
Can you also please tell me the price of the ticket?
How much is it?
Where's the theater?
What is the price?
What is the cost of the ticket? Where it is located?
What's the damage? And where is the theater?
Yes, that sounds good. What theatre is the movie at?
How much is the ticket? What is the genere?
I see, and who directed the movie?
That sounds great! Which theater will that be at?
What's the theater address, and what's the type of move?
How much is the ticket and what is the address?
Who played in that movie?
What is the ticket cost and what is the theater address?
get the address of that theater
Yes, that is right. What is the ticket price?
Fine, that works.
That is okay to proceed. Also I want to know the address and cost details.
What would you call that type of movie?
Can you find me the name of the actor and the genre of the movie?
That might be it - what genre is it?
How much does the ticket cost?
What type of movie is it? Where is the theater located?
Tell the genre of movie it is?
How much is the ticket? What is the address?
How much is it, and what's the address of the theater?
What is the street address?
Who is the director of the movie?
What is the genre of that movie?
Who played in this movie?
Can you tell me the address of the theater and the price of the ticket?
That sounds great! How much does this cost?
Let me know the type of this movie to decide.
How much is it gonna cost?
What type of movie is it? And what's the theater's address?
Which type movie is it?
What is the cost of the ticket?
How much is the ticket? And what's the address of the theater?
How much is the ticket and what genre is the movie?
What is the cost of the ticket and what is the address?
That is correct. Let me know the type of movie and location of the theater.
Where is that? How much does it cost?
Do you know the genre of movie and fare of ticket.
How much is the ticket for?
What's the genre of Hellboy?
That's right. What type of movie is it and how much does the ticket cost?
What is the ticket price?
What type of the movie and what is the ticket cost?
What kind of film is it? How much does it cost?
Can you tell me the genre of the movie?
What type of movie it is?
Perfect. Do you know the theater's address?
Where's that theater?
Ok , great. will you tell me the address of that theater?
Yes, that's perfect. What's the address of the theater?
What is the theater location?
No, I don't want to do it right now. That's all the info I wanted.
No, I don't need to now.
Not right now thanks, I don't think I need anything else.
I don't want to buy them just yet. I might be busy at that time.
Nope, I don't wanna purchase now.
Not right now, thank you.
No thank you, I do not require further help.
No, I don't want to purchase now.
No I will not purchase now
I think I'll hold off.
No, thanks. Let's wait on purchasing tickets.
No not now.
No, thank you. I don't want to buy right away.
No, i'm not interested in purchasing just yet.
No, not now
No, not at the moment. Thank you, that will be all.
No, Don't buy it now.
No, thank you for the information.
Nope, not right now.
No,not yet.
No, I'm not ready to buy right now. That was all I wanted.
No, I will do it later.
No. I just needed information about the movie.
No, I don't want to purchase them now.
No, I will buy the tickets later.
No, i don't want to buy it now.
No, I'll hold off that for now.
Not yet.
No, not now.
No, I do not want to purchase tickets right now?
No, I don't think so right now.
No. Hold on. Maybe later.
I think I am not ready to purchase tickets, so no.
Um, not now.
No, I don't want . Thanks a lot for you kind help.
No. I will buy the tickets later.
Not at the moment
Not at the present time.
No, not now. That's it.
No. I dont want to buy now.
No,not now.
No, I don't want now. That is all i need.
No, I will have to get the tickets later. I might have to do something with my brother that day.
No, I'm not ready.
No, I'm not looking to buy right now.
Nope, I don't need it right now.
No, I do not wish to reserve the tickets now.
No not now. I'm fine for now.
I don't want to buy them now.
no, please don't purchase it now.
No not right now. That is everything for now thanks.
No, don't buy them now.
No, not now, thanks.
Nah, I don't feel like buying right now. That's all.
Not at this time. Thanks.
No, I don't want to buy them right now.
No, I don't want to purchase them ahead of time. I don't need to. But thank you!
Not right now.
Not at the moment, no.
No, I don't need them.
No I don't want to purchase tickets right now. That is all that I need.
No, I do not intend to purchase the tickets now.
No, I'm not ready to get the tickets yet. You've helped me with what I need for now. Thanks so much.
Not now, no.
Not this second no
No, I don't want to get them right now.
No, I don't want to right now.
No, I want to buy tickets later.
No. I don't want to buy any tickets.
Not right now thanks.
No, I'm not going to buy right away.
No, not at the moment.
No, I will wait to confirm with my friend before purchasing tickets.
No, I don't want them now.
No, I'll purchase later. That is all.
No thanks, I will buy tickets later.
Not right this minute. Thanks
No, I will purchase later thank you.
No, I am just inquiring. I would not like to purchase the tickets now.
No, I do not want to buy them right now.
No not now. That is everything for now thanks.
Nah, I'm not going to get them yet.
No, not yet.
No, I am not going to purchase a ticket yet.
No, thanks , I don't want it now?
Not now, thanks
No, I don't want to purchase it right now.
Not just yet.
No, I don't want to but tickets right now.
No, not right now.
No, I am not ready to purchase the ticket now.
I'm not going to buy them right now.
No thanks, I don't want to buy them yet. I am not positive that I will be able to go that day. I don't need anything else.
No, I don't want to buy now.
No not right now
No, not at this very moment.
Not right now, thanks. I'm all set.
No thanks, I think I'll buy them later
No, not right now, but thank you.
No not now
Not right now thanks
No, I Don't want it now but later.
Not at this time.
No, that's okay, not right now.
No, not now. I'm going to do it in person.
I think we should wait to purchase them.
No thank you. That's all I wanted.
No,I dont want now.That is all I need now
No, that will be all. Thank you very much!
No, that would be all. Thanks.
No, that's all. Thank you very much!
No, that's all. Thanks anyways.
No, that's all for now. Thanks for your help.
Nope. but thanks for your help
No. Thanks a lot.
No, thats it. Thanks.
No that is everything thanks.
Umm, no. I need to figure this out. I'll let you know if I need anything further.
No it's ok for now, thanks though
No. Thanks for all your help.
No, that is all I need. Thank you for your kind assistance!
No. Thank you for the help.
Not now, thanks.
Nope, thanks.
No, that's it and thanks.
No. That will be all.
no, not for now.
No, that's good thanks
No, thank you very much for your help, That's all i need. bye
No, that is all. Thanks for the help.
No. I am good.
No, Thanks you for your help
Nope, that's a lot.
no , thanks for your help . not now.
No, that would be all. Thanks so much.
No, you've done enough thanks.
No, I appreciate your help.
Nothing for now. I am thankful.
No. I am all set. Thank You.
No thanks for the help
No thats it
I'm fine, thank you.
No that will be all.
No that is all I need.
No, thanks.
No, That's all
no, thanks for now.
No,Thank you very much
No, thanks for your help.
That would be all. Thank you!
Thanks for your help but I don't think I'll be needing anything else today.
No. Thank you.
No for now it's OK
Not right now, thanks.
Nope, thanks. Done.
No that's all for now. Thanks for your help. 
Nope! I'm good!
No, I'm good.
Nope, thanks a lot!
That's it, I found a movie I wanted.
No, that's all for now, thanks.
No that is all, Thanks.
No. Thanks for you help.
No. That is all. Thank you!
Not now. Thanks!
No thank you
No, thanks a lot for your help.
No. Thanks for trying.
No, that's all, thanks.
No that's all for now thanks.
Nope, thanks much.
Nothing else that will be all.
No. Thank you for your help.
Not at this time. Thank you for your assistance.
Nope, that will be all for now but thanks for asking.
No, that is all.
Nope, thanks so much!
No, thanks, It's all
No Thats all. Thanks a lot
Thank you but no. I'm good.
Nope. Thanks for your help.
No, thanks and that's all.
Actually, no, but thanks so much.
No, I think that's all I need. Thanks for your help.
That is all, once again thanks for the help.
No that's it.
Nothing I can think of and thank you again for your help.
Nope, thanks again.
No, thank you.
I don't think so, thank you.
No. I appreciate your help so far.
No, that's all.
Nothing for now and thanks.
No, not at the moment. Thanks a lot!
No, but thanks for helping.
No thanks, that was all!
No, I'm all set, thank you.
No that is all I needed. Thank you.
No, that is everything for today. Thank you for your time.
No that is all I needed for now.
I think this will do it. Thank you for your help.
No, that will be all for now, thank you.
Nope, thank you!
No, that's it. Thanks very much for your help.
No thanks, that's all for now.
No. Thank you for you help.
No thanks
No it's all good for now
No, that is okay. Thanks.
No. Thanks so much
No. thank you for your help.
No. Thanks anyways.
It's okay. Thank you and that's all.
Nothing. That's all.
No thank you.
No. That will be all. Thank you.
Nope. Nothing now
Nope! That's all the help I need.
No, but thank you!
Thank you that will be all.
No, that would be all.
No, that's all. Thank you for your help!
Not right now, you did it all!
Nope, thanks for the movie idea.
No. Thanks for your help.
No that is all i need.
That is all today.
No. That was all. Thank you.
No, that is all thank you.
No, that's all, thank you.
No. That'll be all.
No, that is all. Thanks.
No ,Thanks for your immense help
No, that's all I need.
No. You have already been helpful.
I'm good. Thanks for the help.
That's all, thank you.
No, that's all. Thanks.
No thank you a lot.
No, thank you!
Yes, that will be all for now.
No, It's all, thanks
No, thanks a lot
No, that will be all.
No, not right now. Thanks so much for your help.
No, thanks. That will be all for now!
No. Thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
No, thanks for helping me.
No thank you, that'll be all.
No. That will be all. Thank you!
No, thank you for your help.
Nope, I'm all set.
That's all. Thanks.
No, not right now. Thanks.
No, you were a great help, thank you!
No, thank you for your help!
No that's all thanks.
No. Thanks for your help!
Oh, darn. No, that will be all.
No, that's all I need. Thanks for your help!
No thanks, that's all.
No thanks.
No. That's all for today.
No. Thanks a lot
No not at the moment thank you though.
No, that is all I needed.
Nope. Thank you so much for your help.
No. Thanks for your help today.
Nope, that'll be all. Thanks again!
I've got all I want. Thanks a lot.
No, that will do it. Thank you for your help.
No. You've been very helpful.
No, that's it.
No, that's all I want for now.
No, thanks. That's all now.
No, that will be all, but thank you very much for your help.
Nope, you've been great, thanks for your help.
No, I guess that's all I need for now. Thanks mucho.
That's all. Thank you.
No, for now you've done what I need, thanks for that
No that's all, thank you for your help.
No, that will be all, thank you for your help.
No, thanks for your help, I'm good.
No, thanks. That's it for now.
No, thanks a lot!
No, thanks. 
Nope, not the hilarious nightmare movies. Please find something else.
Please find other movies.
Could you find some other movies, please?
Are there any other movie choices?
Do you suggest me another movie?
No, something else please.
Is there anything else showing?
What other movies are playing?
What about the other movies?
Not sure.. is there anything else?
No thanks, can you find some others.
Any other times.
No I'm not interested in those. Are any other movies playing?
Could you find some other movies?
What are the other options?
Can you still find some other movies?
Anything else available?
Are there any other showtimes?
Is there any other show time for that.
What other times are there?
Find something else, please.
Not really, can you recommend me something else?
No, is there anything else?
What are the others?
Are any other movies playing?
sorry, whether can you find any other movies?
What are my other choices?
Can you find anything else?
Any other films?
What other movies are there?
Find me something else please.
No, not those. Please find some other titles.
Can you find other movies?
Is the movie playing at some other time?
No , i am not interested. Any other movies?
No. What else is playing?
Is there anything else?
None of those sound good
Are there other movies playing?
Find something else.
Please search for even more movies.
That doesn't sound like something I would like. Is there anything else?
Okay. I would like to see some other choices.
Do you have any other suggestions?
Are there any other show times available?
Look for any other movies
Are there any other times available?
Anything else?
Let's hear the others.
What else do you propose to me?
Can you help me find some other movies?
please find some other movies.
What else is playing?
Find me something else.
Please search for other ones.
I think all are nice but I need to search for something else.
Check for other movies.
Anything else available to watch?
Are there any other movies option?
I would prefer other proposals
Are there any other movies?
Nah I've already seen those. Find me something else.
Is there another time?
No. please look for any other.
No, please look for something else.
No. Can I have some more?
I'd like to see something else.
Is there any other show times?
I'm not really into those, do you know any other good ones?
Does the movie play any other time?
Is the movie playing at another time?
Are there any other movies playing?
None of those sound good, what else is there?
Is there anything else/
Are there any other times?
Is there any other time the movie is playing?
Can you find something else?
Are there any other times it's playing?
Please find some other movies.
How about a different movie? What else have you got?
Please find something else.
Please find some more options.
Please find other options.
How about another time?
Is there any other time for the availability of that movie?
Any other times?
Do you have other proposals?
Not really, could help search for other movies?
Please search for other movies to see in downtown San Fran.
Please go with another option.
No, find some other movies.
What else do you have?
No. Any other options?
Those don't sound like my type of movies either, do you know of any others?
Is there any other movies?
Are there other times?

I'm not sure I would like any of those. What else is showing?
Try some different movies?
No, what other movies are there?
I'm not sure I can make the 1 pm showing. Is there another time the movie is showing?
Nah, none of those.
What else is there?
Yes. This sounds good.
That is correct.
Yes is perfect for me.
Yes I do.
Sounds perfect to me.
That is confirmed to proceed.
Yes that's all correct
Yes, that will be great.
Yeah that's good.
Yes that's correct
Yes, that's it.
You are one hundred percent correct.
Yes, that is all correct.
Yes, that is perfect.
Yes, perfect.
That's correct.
Right, that's great.
Perfect, thanks so much.
That's absolutely correct.
Yeah, that's right.
Yes, That sounds perfect.
Yes that's correct.
Yes, that sounds good.
That's a go.
Yes, that is exactly what I would like. Confirmed.
Yes that sounds fine.
Yes, that all sounds correct.
Yes, that's perfect.
Yes. That's sounds good.
Yep, that is correct.
Yes that's right
All are okay to proceed.
Yes, That sounds nice to me.
That is cool
Yes, everything you have have is correct.
Yes, that would be fine.
Yes, that will be perfect.
You got it.
Ok that sounds good to me.
Yes, that is correct.
Yes, confirmed.
It is good.
Excellent, thanks for that.
That's right, good deal.
I really do thank you for your help.
Wow, great. Thank you.
I appreciate your help, thank you.
Thanks for helping me.
Thanks for all your help. That's all I needed for now.
Thanks for helping, I appreciate it.
Thanks and that's all.
Thank you.
Thank you for your help, that is all I need.
I really thank you for your help.
Thanks for your immense help
Thanks for the help and that is everything I need.
Thanks for everything.
Great, thanks for the help?
Ok thanks a lot.
Thanks. That's all for now.
Thank you for the assistance. That's all I need for now.
Great. Thanks for the assistance.
Okay. Thank you so much!
I see, that is all I need. Thank you!
Thanks, I am good now.
Thanks a bunch for your assistance.
Thanks for helping.
Awesome, thank you for your help.
ok. thanks a lot for your help. thats all i need.
Thanks for your help, that's it for now.
Okay, thank you for your great help
Thank you very much for the assistance. That's all I need for now.
Thank you for your assistance.
Thank you for you help, that's all I need now.
Thank you very much
I don't need anything else. Thank you so much.
Thanks for all the assistance.
That will be all for now. Thank you!
Thanks for everything! That is all I need.
Thanks very much for your help. That's all I needed help with.
Thanks that's a real load off.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
Great, thank you.
Your help has been invaluable.
Thanks for your help.
Sure, that is all I need. Thank you!
Thank you for your assistance; that's all.
Thank you very much for your help. That is what I want.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you!
Thank you so much!
Thank you. That's all I need for now.
Great, you've been an amazing help, thank you.
Thanks so much for booking those tickets and helping me
Thanks so much for your work.
Thanks for doing that
Great! You helped me a lot! Bye!
Thanks for that.
Thank you for your time.
Thank you.That is all for now.
I see, that is all I need. Thank you so much!
Thanks so much!
OK, thanks so much, that's all for now then
Yes, I would like three tickets.
Yes, I want the same and please book 2 tickets on the 4th for a 3D show.
yes, Please buy the ticket and i need to watch in on tuesday next week.
Yes, let's buy the tickets.
Yes, let's go ahead and purchase them now before they sell out.
Yeah, I'd like to purchase three tickets right now.
Yes, I would like a regular show on the 3rd of this month for a 10:15 pm showing.
Yes, get me one ticket for next Tuesday
Yes, I would like to buy them now.
Yes, I would like to buy tickets.
Yes can I get them now? book for the 3rd of this month at night 10:30.
Yes. Please book for Saturday this week.
Yes, let's get the tickets now.
Thats great, Hellboy will do. Show time please
Hey Toy Story 4, that is the one I've been wanting to see, get me tickets for it please.
i have to search for a movie to watch
I would like to see Little. What time is it playing?
What movies are there to watch?
Hey, I'm looking for a movie.
I am bored and want to watch a movie.
Hustlers is great and can you purchase tickets for me?
I have some free time and I want to relax on that time. Can you search for some nice movies to watch?
Another time, please. What are the times available for it?
My friends want to go see a movie, can you help?
Not needed. Showtime please.
I have some time to relax and I need to spend it with a Movie. Can you find me a good one to watch?
I want to find a movie.
Can you find me a movie?
I have an extra day off work and want to go see a movie. Can you buy me a ticket?
Shazam would be great. What time is it showing?
I would like to buy tickets to IT two, it sounds perfect.
What time is the movie showing?
Red Joan is great. When is it showing?
Not at this time. What time is it playing?
The best of enemies will be good, find the show time.
Please help me find a movie to watch.
We'd love to see Missing Link. What are the showtimes?
Captain Marvel works. What are the times?
I want to watch a movie and I need your help to purchase the tickets for the movie.
Penguin Highway is good and at what time can i watch it?
The Curse of La Llorona sounds good. When can i see it?
What are the showtimes for Missing Link?
Find me a movie to watch.
I'd like to watch Hotel Mumbai. What time is the show?
Hey, can you help me find a movie to watch?
Hi! Can you help me find a movie?
What time can I watch the movie?
IT two sounds perfect for me, please buy me tickets for it.
I need to utilize my day in a very calm way for that watching movie is a good choice. Will you find me a movie to watch?
What time is How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World playing at?
Yeah, I heard of that one! Captain Marvel sounds good. What are the showtimes?
Breakthrough is perfect. What day and time is it showing?
Breakthrough sounds great. What times were available?
I am searching for a movie to watch.
I'd like to see a movie, can you find me one?
What time is Breakthrough? That sounds great!
the curse of la llorona sound good. what time do they have it available
I think I will watch Missing Link, what are its showtimes?
Can you recommend a movie for me to see?
What time is it available to watch?
I'm planning on seeing a movie, I don't know what to watch.
Hey! I wish to go to the movies this weekend? Can you find me some good one to watch?
No, not right now. What are the show times for this movie?
I'm interested in watching a movie soon.
Find a movie for me please.
I want to see a movie.
I'm so bored. I want to get out of the house, maybe see a movie.
Missing Link sounds good. What time is it on at?
I'm ready to buy movie tickets.
Could you get me the movie tickets please?
I am looking to book movie tickets.
I am in a nice mood and I like to watch a movie now. How about finding a nice movie for me?
I'd like to catch a movie.
I am in a mood to watch some movie.
Captain Marvel sounds great. At what time could I watch it?
No, don't purchase them now. When are the showtimes?
Breakthrough sounds good. What are the show times?
Hi, I want to find a movie to watch this weekend. 
I'm going out with some friends this weekend and we'd like to see a movie.
Saaho sounds great! Could you get me the tickets please?
I want to go out to watch a movie, please help me find a good one.
I'll go with Dumbo. That's a perfect choice. What time does that movie start, please?
Find me a movie
What time does it show?
No, not right now. What time is it playing?
Hellboy would be perfect to watch, at what time is the showing?
Look for a movie for me to watch.
I would like to watch a movie.
I wish to search for a movie.
I have just finished my business meeting and have free time on my hands. Could you please help me find a movie to watch?
No, I will hold off on buying them. What times is it playing?
Can you help me find a movie?
Family sounds good, what are the times?
I want to watch a movie.
Please find me a movie to watch.
I want a recommendation on a movie to watch.
IT Chapter Two sounds great. Will you buy tickets?
I want to find a movie to watch
I am in a mood to watch a movie, can you find one?
Not right now, do you know what times it is available?
I would like to see a movie.
Missing link would be great. When is it showing?
Dumbo sounds good. When is it?
Can you let me know what time its on?
No, not at the moment. What time is it on?
I feel like I want to watch a movie, so help me find one!
I'd like to watch a movie.
Life is boring and i need to spend my leisure time by watching movie. Will you find a good movie to watch?
Pet Sematary sounds great. When is it showing?
I would like to see Little. What time is the show?
I'm looking for a movie to see.
I need to find a movie to watch
Yes, Long Shot would actually be perfect. I forgot that was out. What time is it showing?
No I will purchase another day, what times are available?
Is perfect The Curse of La Llorona.At what time can I watch?
Dumbo is good what time can I watch it?
When is The Mustang playing?
Nope. This time I not interested in booking now. Which time shall I see it?
Hi, I'd like to watch a movie, do you have any suggestions?
I need help finding a movie.
I want to find a movie to wathc
I am looking for a movie to watch.
I have not gone to see a movie in a while. I would like to go see one. Can you tell me what is playing?
Find me some good movies to watch.
What time is it showing?
I need help finding a movie to watch.
I think I will go with Hobbs and Shaw. Do you buy the tickets for me?
I want to go out to a movie.
What times do they show?
I'm looking for a movie to go see.
Me and my friend need a movie to watch later
What time is the movie playing?
High Life sounds good. What are the available times?
What are the show times of Missing Link?
I am looking for a movie.
I am looking for something to see in the movies. What is there in theaters?
The Curse of La Llorona is excellent? What time is it playing?
Yea, when is the movie playing?
Shazam! sounds great, when is it on?
Dumbo is a good one. What time is that available to watch?
Not right now, thank you. What times can I see it?
I hear the movie After is getting great reviews. What are the showtimes?
I want to watch a movie at the theater.
Yes, I want to see Captain Marvel. What time is it playing?
What time can I watch it?
No. That's ok. What time is it playing.
Hey, can you help me find a movie theater?
I would love to see Toy Story Four and would like to buy tickets.
The Poseidon Adventure is exactly what I want. When does it start?
Not at this time. When is the movie showing?
Find movies to watch please.
What are the show times for it?
Can you find me a movie to see?
My cable is messing up so can you help me find a movie to watch?
Its boring to have a routing life and i plan to watch a movie. will you find me a good movie?
I would like to buy some movie tickets.
I want to see a film.
What are the showtimes?
I feel like seeing a movie.
Can you help me find a good movie please?
I would love to watch a movie right now. What's playing right now?
I'd like to search for a fun film to watch.
I'm going out with a friend today and I would like to find a movie to watch.
I wanna see movies to watch
No I don't want to buy them now. What are the showtimes at theaters?
Find me a movie to watch,please!
What times are available?
Find me a theater to go see a movie
Yes, actually, what time is the movie?
The Gloria Bell, the where she thrusts herself in an unexpected romance filled with joys of love, right? Perfect! At what time is the show?
I want to go to a movie. What's playing?
Yes, Hellboy is good. What time?
Stockholm sounds perfect? When can I watch it?
I want to watch a movie tonight, but I don't have any in mind.
I wanna go to the cinema.
Hi, I was hoping to get some help finding a movie to watch.
No. What time is it showing?
No. what time is it showing?
What time is Shazam! showing?
I think a movie will relax me. can you help?
No, I don't want to purchase now. What time can I watch it?
Can you help me to buy movie tickets?
Yes, what's the time of that movie?
I'd like to find a movie
I'd like to find a movie to watch.
Can you suggest a movie to me, I want to watch something.
I'd like to do something fun, please find some movies to see.
No, not right now. At what time is the show?
Red Joan sounds good, what time is it at?
Yes, I've heard great things about Ad Astra, let's purchase those tickets.
No thank you. What times is it showing?
I want to go see a movie.
I have a lot of time to kill today. It's a great day to watch a movie. Any recommendations?
Will you help me find a movie?
I feel, I need to watch a movie now to relax, can you help me in this?
Can you buy me some movie tickets?
I am bored and would like to see a movie.
I would like to find a movie.
I'm up for watching a movie.
I'm looking for a movie to watch.
My husband and I are going out tonight and would like to know of a good movie to watch.
Can you help me find a movie to watch?
Not yet. What are the times for Dumbo?
I would like to watch Hotel Mumbai. What time is it playing?
I'm going out for a date this weekend and I'd like to go see a movie.
The Angry Birds Movie 2 is very good.Buy for me tickets please.
Yeah, what time can I go see the movie?
I want to go to the cinema.
Not right now. What times were available?
What time is the movie?
Curse of La Llorona sounds great. What time is it playing?
The Invisibles sounds great, what time is it playing?
I have some free time and I want to spend it with some nice movies. Can you search for the one for me?
I don't want any tickets right now. What time is the movie showing?
Please help me buy a movie tickets.
Tell me the show timings. What time can I watch it?
Will you find a movie?
I'm bored, I think I want to watch something. Can you find me a good movie?
Lets go with Say Anything.
I think I'd like to see a movie.
I want to spend my free time with some relaxing process and I want to watch a movie to refresh myself. Can you help me to find a nice movie to watch?
Hi, i need a help, i had like to buy movie tickets, could you help me?
Hi, could you search for some nice movies I could watch?
No, thanks. What time can I see that movie?
No thanks, I don't need them right now. What time is it on?
I would like to find a movie to watch.
I interested in watching a movie, can you give me a suggestion?
I'm interested in watching a movie.
Ad Astra sounds great to me! Could you help me purchase the tickets please?
Hey there, I want to see a movie.
Can you find me a nice movie to watch?
Find me a movie please
I want to watch a movie, where is the best place to watch?
Is there a time I can watch it?
I would like to find a movie I can watch.
I'm looking to watch a movie.
I'd like to watch a movie
No i don't want. What time i can watch
I need to find a movie to watch.
Captain Marvel works great. What time is the showing?
I need the time to watch that movie. will you find the time to watch?
Which time would you like to see the movie?
I would love to buy some movie tickets please
I really want to watch a movie.
Can you find me a movie to watch?
No, not now. When is it showing?
Im looking for a movie.
I want tickets for Mission Mangal.
Can you recommend a movie to watch?
I want to find a new movie to see.
No, not right now. What are the showtimes?
Not right now. What time is the movie?
What about a movie? Can you make some suggestions?
I'd like to find a movie to see.
Farewell is perfect. I want movie tickets.
No. Don't do that. What time is the movie.
No not right now. What time is it playing?
No, I am not ready to buy tickets but I would like to know the available times for the movie.
Little is perfect. What time can i watch it?
I am meeting up with a friend and we want to watch a good movie. Do you have any suggestions?
I feel like watching a movie.
Hellboy is good. What time?
What time is Missing Link playing?
Can you show me some movie listings?
No not yet. What are listed times?
Nah, not right now. What time is Captain Marvel playing?
Hotel Mumbai is good. What time is it showing?
Hi there, could you help me find a nice movie to watch?
Hey can you buy movie tickets for me?
I want to find a movie to watch.
No, I'm not ready to buy them yet. What times are available?
No, i don't want to buy now and what time can i see it?
Hey, I'd like to watch a movie, can you help me?
What times do you have available for Curse of La Llorona? I've been wanting to see that!
Long Shot will work. What time is that?
No, not now. What time is the showing?
Shazam! sounds good. What times are available?
Yes. When can I see Teen Spirit
I am looking for movie tickets.
Can you find me a funny movie to watch?
i need to spend my leisure hours by watching a movie. will you find a movie to watch?
Little is just what i'm looking for. What time is it playing?
I'm looking for a good movie.
What time is the movie on?
A movie will help me overcome the monotonous of the day. Is there any good movie?
Can you help me to find a movie to watch?
I'd like to find a movie.
I am planning to watch a movie. Can you help me find some?
I am looking for a movie that I can enjoy tonight.
I am looking for a movie I can watch.
I want to watch a movie. I would like to buy movie tickets.
No, what time is it playing?
I ant to find a movie to watch.
Not right now, but when are the showtimes?
I need a movie to see please.
There is nothing good on TV, can you help me find a movie?
I would like to search for a movie to watch.
Red Joan is good, what time is playing?
Yes, IT two is the nice one and Please also purchase the tickets for me.
Oh, yes. What time does the movie start?
Little sounds good. What time is it showing?
What times do you have available? I don't want to buy them right now.
Yeah, Stockholm sounds good - what times are available?
When is the movie?
Yes. What are the available times for the movie?
I want to watch some nice movie now, can you search for me?
I'm interested in finding a good movie to watch.
What are the available showtimes for this movie?
Hey, I'd like to buy some movie tickets.
I'm looking to buy tickets to see a movie.
What time can I watch it ?
Can you suggest any movies?
I have got two day leave jointly , i wish to watch a move. Will you find a movie to watch?
That would be great. What time would I be able to watch The Curse of La Llorona?
Where do I find a movie to watch?
What time can I see it? Breakthrough seems perfect.
Can you find a movie for me to watch?
I am looking for something to do tonight and would like to find a movie that I can watch.
I am in the mood to go to the movie theater. I would like to purchase tickets in advance.
Any good movies for me to watch?
What time is Hotel Mumbai being shown?
Hello! I'm interested in seeing a movie. Can you help me get tickets?
Shazam! is great. Which time shall I see it?
I al looking for a movie to watch.
No, not at the moment. What time is it showing?
I'm looking for a movie.
I want to watch a movie
Please find me a movie at a theatre.
I am meeting a friend later and we are planning to watch a movie. Can you find movies nearby?
I want to go out and see a movie, can you find a good one for me?
The Missing Link is perfect. What times are available for me to watch it?
I want to watch Hellboy, what time is it showing?
Family is Perfect. When is the show?
I am looking to purchase movie tickets.
I am trying to find an interesting movie to watch later.
No. Not right now. What are the show times?
I need some help finding a movie please.
Hey, I would like to watch a movie.
I want to find a movie to watch?
Long shot is good, let me know the time of movie.
I'd like to watch a movie, can you find a showing for me?
Hi, there! Can you help me find a movie?
What time is Dumbo showing?
The 9th of this month and I would like a regular show.
I want to watch a movie in Larkspur. I want to watch some Horror movies.
Can you search in Brentwood.
Sure. Search any kind of movies in Fairfield.
Search for movies at Menlo Park.
Can you check for a regular showing of a horror movie in Redwood City.
I'm currently looking at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. I want to watch a movie on a big imax screen. Can you find some good movies in the San Francisco area?
I want to find a Suspense movie to watch in Moraga.
Red Joan sounds great. What time is it playing on March 9th?
I'm in San Jose. Can you look around there?
Can you search for movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I would like to watch Good Boys.
I would like to find a movie to watch in Sonoma.
I'd like to watch it on Tuesday next week.
I wish to see a 3d show.
I would like to see an imax show tomorrow and I would like two tickets.
It's suppose to be raining all day so I'm cooped up in the house and bored. Can you help find me a movie to watch, preferably one that is classified as a Comic and directed by Nitesh Tiwari?
Anything else you can find in particular Ghost genre directed by Michael Chaves.
I don't like those options. Show me imax shows.
I want a 3D showing, on March 2nd, at the Vogue Theatre.
I would like to watch a imax show on the 2nd of this month.
I'd like to see it on the 1st of this month.
I prefer to see it on 16th of this Month
I want to see it tomorrow.
Alameda is a good half way point between my brother and I , let's search there.
Fiddler is the right one. I want to buy movie tickets for 1 ticket.
Tomorrow would be great, thanks. 
Search for me movies shown in Napa.I would like to watch at Century Napa Valley and XD.
Tomorrow at Century Cinema
I wish to see The Lord of the Rings at evening 6.
I want it at 10 o"clock in the night on the 2nd of March.
I'd like to discover a film to watch. Can you search for San Bruno shown films.
What time later today is Pet Sematary playing?
Yup, Little would be perfect. What time is the show? Do they have 3d shows? Will tickets be available to watch at CineLux Almaden?
Brentwood, please. I'd like to watch an Adventure movie at AMC Brentwood.
I wanna watch at the Century Cinemas
I'd like four tickets to the regular show t half past 9 in the night.
I'm in Redwood City. Are there any Adventure movies playing at Century Redwood City?
Can you tell me which movies are playing at Lark Theater, please. I'd like to find a good one to watch.
Three tickets will be great.
I want to watch a movie, can you search for movies shown in San Jose.
Look for movies in Union City.
I want to watch a suspense movie directed by Josephine Decker.
On the 2nd of this month, I want to watch a 3d movie. Can you tell me what 3d movies are playing near me?
I wanted to go to the movies next Thursday.
I want to watch a Scary movie in imax.
This would be Tuesday next week.
I'd like four tickets.
Do you mean the adventurous movies? Nope, Please find something else for I like all kinds if its good to watch.
I like Life history movies and want to find a movie to watch. I would like to watch Century at Hayward.
find any movies which is shown in Daly City?
Can you tell me what movies are playing at Century Cinemas?
What other movies are there? I want something with Conleth Hill in it.
We would like to see Little. Is there any times available for Tuesday next week?
I'd like to see the movie in Union City, and I'd like it to be a Thriller movie.
The March 2nd show I think will be the best option.
Aftermath sounds great! What are the showtimes for IMAX showings?
Will you search for movies shown in Santa Rosa.
I like to watch it on 9th of this month.
I am more in to adventure movies. Could you look for some different movies. Also, I would like to watch at THE LOT City Center.
Please look for movies showing in Campbell.
Please find movies shown in Redwood CIty on the 2nd, I want a regular show.
Can you search around Sebastopol?
March 1st, please.
Can you please list other movies? I'd prefer a regular show.
Ok Red Joan is perfect. Please tell the time to watch it. I prefer the date is on the 5th
I want to watch the movie on 9th of this month, can you tell me the timing?
March 2nd is perfect for me.
Hello, could you help me find a movie currently showing in Oakland?
Wait, no. Can I actually do 3d.
I would like to watch it at night 9:45.
I want to see it this Saturday.
Please find some other movies, I need to watch movies at CineLux Tennant Station. Will you find movies which are shown in Morgan Hill?
I would like hear about movies being played in Brentwood.
It will be perfect for me to watch on next Friday.
I'd like to find a movie to watch. I like all movies.
Can you find a movie. I'm interested in a movie by the director Quentin Tarantino.
I like Comedy movies, can you please help me find one?
Can you find me a Romance movie to watch?
Find me movies in Morgan Hill.
Yes, thanks for asking. I would like to visit at 6:45 in the evening.
Find movies in the Santa Rosa area please.
I'm waiting to see it on 2nd of March .
Only 1 ticket.
Can you search for movies in Santa Rosa.
No, not right now. I want to watch it on Tuesday next week, at Livermore Cinema.
Can you find me a movie? One that stars Michael Cumpsty.
The Curse of La Llorona works good for me. What time is it showing? I'd like to go on the 9th.
whether any other time is available and i need to watch a imax show and need to watch at Embarcadero Center Cinema.
On the 2nd.
I need 2 tickets for the movie on Tuesday next week at 11 o"clock in the night.
I'm looking for a Comedy to watch in a theatre today, can you help me pick one?
Yes, I need to clarify, at what time, I can watch this movie on 2nd of this month.
I want to know what movies are showing in Emeryville. I am particularly interested in movies of the Thriller genre.
47 Meters DOwn: Uncaged sounds great. Can you book me 1 movie ticket for the regular show at two in the afternoon.
An IMAX show will be great!
On march 7th.
I'm looking for some 3d movie tickets in San Jose.
Good Boys is excellent. I'd lik to buy four movie tickets for 9:15 pm.
Nah, those aren't what I'm looking for. What imax shows are out?
I'm looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
Do you know screening times for this movie for Saturday this week.
I want to book three tickets for regular show.
I like crime movies. Can you search for movies shown in San Francisco?
I want tickets for March 7th.
I'd like to watch a movie at THE LOT City Center.
What are the showtimes for the 1st of March?
Hustlers will be perfect for four people at 22:15.
I want to find some other movies and I think Supernatural movies will be perfect for me and search for the one showing at AMC Saratoga.
Can you find me a movie to watch in Berkeley?
I live in Walnut Creek.
Breakthrough sound great! I'd like to watch it on the 2nd. What time is it playing?
Can you help me find movies in El Cerrito?
Let's look for movies in Oakland.
I like Documentary movies. could you try again?
Regular show is okay for me.
It's not necessary to buy now. What time on March 1st can I watch it?
I am interested in watching the movie on Monday next week.
Regular, please.
What time is After playing later today?
Anything else? I like films directed by Steven Spielberg in the Imaginative fiction genre.
What are some movies playing in Emeryville right now?
March 2nd, please.
I want to watch it on the 1st of this month. Are there any good showtimes at AMC Saratoga?
Shazam! sounds good! What times are available on the 4th of March?
I would like to find the movie at AMC Mercado
I don't like those. Show me movies in Pleasant Hill.
Oh yeah, what time is the movie? I'd like to watch it on the 8th?
How about tomorrow.
I want to watch Hustlers in Livermore at ten in the night.
I would like to choose a movie to watch. Can you help me find a movie in the Comic genre with James Corden in it?
I'm located in Oakland.
Is it possible to check for movies shown in Albany? I need to watch a regular show.
I would like to go to a theater in Mill Valley. I only need one ticket.
i want to watch a movie, maybe a thriller directed by Riley Stearns.
could you please find me something else, like a scary movie at Century Union Landing?
Does SF have any movies showing?
Make it San Bruno
I would like to go on the 10th at 11:30 in the night.
Wednesday next week.
I'm in San Francisco. What's available?
In Oakland please
I would like to watch it on the 2nd.
I want to watch Captain Marvel. What time do they have available
Buy 1 ticket for the show time night 10.
Curse of La Llorona sounds great. Is it playing on 6th of March?
I would like to see a movie in San Ramon.
Any other movies available?
No I want something else. What's playing in San Bruno. I don't care which theater.
Can you search Larkspur for Drama movies?
The 9th is the date I am looking to watch it.
Can you find me a movie to watch at CineLux Tennant Station
Can you search for movies shown in Walnut Creek? I'd like to watch a regular show.
Let's try the day after tomorrow.
No, not right now. What times is it playing on March 2nd?
No, I'm sorry. I need to make that 2 tickets for March 9th.
Just one ticket.
Can you find some other movies? Find something at the Balboa Theatre in SFO.
No.I'll buy tickets later. Can you find a 3d show?
Show me movies in Santa Clara. I would prefer a regular show.
Can you find a funny movie for me at AMC Brentwood?
Search for movies in San Jose area
I want to watch a movie in SF
How about on the 1st.
I'd like to view the film on the 2nd of this month.
No. I would like to watch it on the 7th, and nothing fancy a regular show please.
March 5th.
The Best of Enemies sounds good to watch, can you tell me 3d showtimes for Saturday this week?
What time does Hotel Mumbai play at AMC Mercado IMAX?
I want to watch it at AMC Mercado, on the 4th of this month.
On Saturday this week.
A theater in Berkeley would be most convenient.
I'd like to watch a movie directed by Alex Kendrick.
Can you find me a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield?
Are there any other movies? I want to watch something in 3d.
No, I don't want to purchase tickets now. But can you tell me when I can see it? I want to see it in 3d next Tuesday.
I want 1 ticket to a regular movie on Friday next week.
Around SFO would be good.
I'd like to find a showing of Brittany Runs a Marathon in San Francisco.
I'm in San Jose, please find me a movie to watch around here.
Let's get three tickets.
I want you to have a search for movies which are shown in walnut creek
What time is it playing on 3rd of March.
No, I want Stage Door.
A fun movie is on the agenda for our upcoming family night out. It's kind of a big deal because we're still celebrating graduation, and we want to see a movie that's 3d, lighthearted and rated for all ages. What's your take on a movie recommendation, please?
I wanna watch it on 1st of this month.
Can you help me find a Comic movie?
March 2nd would be perfect.
Is there anything else, any type of movie will do.
I want to watch the regular showing of Ad Astra tonight. I want to watch the showing at night 9 pm-ish
Find movies in SF.
Search for movies in San Jose
Anything else? I want something directed by Robin Bissell and starring Sam Rockwell.
The 5th of this month would be perfect.
I wish to see a move at AMC NewPark.
Missing Link is perfect. What time would I be able to watch it? I would like to watch it on the 8th of this month.
I'm interested in getting 2 movie tickets please, something for a regular show.
I am available on the 3rd.
Just regular please.
Can you try March 1st at CineLux Tennant Station?
I was thinking about going to the cinema, I need three tickets.
Life is very enthuastic and energitic , i need to enjoy it almost every moment in my life. Will you find a movie to watch? Any type of movies is opt for me.
I want to watch a movie, preferably something by Jenny Gage. The romance genre would also work.
I want to watch a Comic movie with Gordon Tanner.
I would like to see a movie in Santa Rosa.
Can you search a movie shown in Palo Alto? I want to watch a movie.
A friend and I want to see an imax show at CineLux Tennant Station. What movies are out?
I think we should do Suburban Birds. I think I want something regular on the 17th. Do you have any times?
Not right now? I just want to know showtimes on March 2nd.
I would like to watch a regular show at the Century at Tanforan. Could you make the search for movies in San Bruno?
No not right now, can I have the show times and can you look for the movie in 3d?
I'm specifically looking for movies in Fremont. 
I need to watch a Imax Show. Make it accordingly.
I want to watch at Century San Francisco Centre the movie Missing Link .At what time can it be?
Can you help me find movies showing in Newark?
The 2nd of March would be great and if you could book a regular show that would be even better!
Look for movies in Morgan Hill
What times do they have available for me to watch it? I want to watch it This Saturday. I want to watch a Imax Show. 
A regular show is just fine. The movie is Good Boys and the date is the 5th of this month.
How about something from Tom McCarthy or something starring Jacqueline Brogan?
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Livermore Cinema.
No, not right now. What time does it play? I also want to watch Regal Jack London next Friday.
How about Friday next week at Livermore Cinema?
Please look for movies in SFO.
I need to watch at half past 11 in the morning. i want to watch a regular show.
In San Leandro. I'd like to watch the 3d show.
I was hoping to see IT2. A regular show would be fine.
What movies are showing in San Jose? I really want to go see a movie.
Shazam! is perfect.I want to watch it on Friday next week . What time can I watch it?
Find me shows for the 8th in Campbell.
I would like to see it today?
Can you find some other movies, I like all kinds.
I want to watch on March 2nd
Yes. Search in San Bruno.
Please search for movies in Emeryville.
On the 2nd of this month. Does it come in imax?
I need just one ticket, and a showing at 21:15 would be perfect.
Please look in San Ramon,
How about a search in San Ramon. Any kind of movie is fine, just as long as it's fun.
I would like to go to an Imax movie, can you find me a Comedy to watch?
I want to see it 1st of March, in imax, at Raven Film center.
I will purchase a ticket later what time will be good so I can watch a imax show
i am interested to watch a regular show
I am available to watch on 7th of this month
Santa Rosa. Any good movies around here?
Yes, please find me some other movies. I want to see something at CineLux Almaden.
I would like to know what time it's playing at the West Wind Capitol Drive-in?
I wanna go to the cinema. I don't mind the theatre.
On the 15th.
In Vacaville please
No, not at this moment? At what time is it screening? I'd like to go on the 1st of this month.
I will probably be going on the 2nd.
I want IT two. I need 4 for the Brentwood theatre.
Yes. I'd like to see This Is Not Berlin.
On the 3rd of this month.
Can you help me search for movies that are playing in Emeryville?
Hi, I would like to search for movies currently shown at Albany Twin.
I think I would like to see it on March 9th.
I like to watch a movie. will you find me a movie which has sterling K. Brown as a actor and it should be directed by Thurop Van Orman
Book it on the 7th.
I am thinking the 2nd of March would be a good day.
A regular show would be ok.
How about the 7th of March
I want to find a movie in Campbell.
I'd like to see the film at 11 in the night.
I want to see Captain Marvel.  Are tickets available on the 3rd?  I'd rather see it in 3d.
Cool, but find some other ones too please. I love Adventure movies.
I think an imax showing would be cool. And I want to see it at the evening 7:45. Also can you look for shows on the 1st in San Ramon?
Would you please try purchasing the tickets again but for 1 ticket to the quarter past 4 in the evening movie later today?
I want to watch it on 2nd of March.
I want to watch it today
I want to find a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield.
Pet Sematary is so good. What time can I watch it? My preferred date is March 8th.
Hotel Mumbai! Yes! Will there be a showing at Century Union Landing?
I'm in Oakland right now.
Hey, I'm looking for a movie to watch in Oakland. Is there anything available?
I also like drama movies. Can you find a movie in Sebastopol?
Can you search movies in San Ramon.
Please find a movie in San Francisco.
Can you give me more movie recommendations, I want to see an IMAX show and I do like seeing comic movies.
Lets watch it on the 2nd of this month and right now I will watch a regular T.V. show.
I'd like to see it on March 2nd, and I want it to be a 3d show.
Search for movies in the San Francisco Area, specifically at the Balboa Theatre.
I want to see it on the 5th of March.
I want today.
What time can I watch an imax show?
Search for 3d movies in San Jose.
I saw that already. I would rather see a family genre directed by Herbert Ross.
Hi, could you get me a regular Imaginative fiction movie in Hayward please?
I would like 3 tickets for Hustlers at quarter past 7 in the evening.
Look up for 1st of March please.
I want to go to the movies. Find me a drama
Find me a movie directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Can you find movies in Martinez?
Preferably, the 1st of this month.
I am looking for a regular movie to watch.
Do you know which movies are showing in Morgan Hill?
Can you find some other choices? I prefer an adventure movie at Century Union Landing.
I want to watch in a imax show at 9:30 in the night.
I need 2 tickets for the 2:30 pm show on March 10th.
I'd like to see it on March 5th.
I like Horror movies and would also like to see a movie in Concord. Can you search for one there?
What time is the movie showing at AMC Mercado?
On the 1st of March.
Please find some other movies at Airport Stadium Cinemas.
I would like the 16th of March, in San Francisco at seven pm.
CineLux Delta Cinema Saver is the closest theater I think. I want to see it on March 2nd.
I want to watch a movie in San Francisco.
I would like to see it March 9th.
I just want one ticket to a regular show on 4th of March.
I would like to watch it on Sunday this week.
Can you find me a movie directed by Harry Elfont?
Hi i need a help, me and my friends are looking for movie to watch, we all are interested to watch patric knowles movies, could you find me his movies?
Please check the 9th of this month.
I'm in Berkeley. Any good movies here?
What else do you have? I like funny movies.
Something in Adventure at Morgan Hill, a regular show.
I wish to see it on March 4th.
I want to watch a movie but am having a hard time finding anything good in all these titles. Can you find me something that stars Jeff Harding?
I'm looking for two movie tickets for Good Boys.
I would like to buy tickets for the movie Ad Astra and want to see it on 10th of this month at 22:00. I need 3 tickets.
Have anything else with Huang Lu?
Is there another time? I want to see it on the 5th of this month.
I want to watch it this Saturday.
Yes, okay,but I need to find some other movies especially the one directed by Jovanka Vuckovic. Do you have something like this in your options?
I want to watch in San Ramon
Please look for other films. I would like to watch at The Lot City Center.
I am interested in going for a movie in mountain view. Can you help in this?
Can you do a search for me? I'm looking for 3d movies in San Jose.
Look for movies in San Jose.
We'll be ready to watch it on the 1st of March.
I like the sound of The Curse of La Llorona. What time can I watch it if I want to see a regular show at Century Downtown?
I want to go to the movies. Is there something in theaters in Newark?
I want one ticket for Saturday this week.
I want to watch it on 6th of this month.
I want to watch the imax on the 9th to watch The Lord of the Rings three.
I want to watch a Suspense movie at Century Cinemas.
Find me movies staring Alan Arkin
I want the see the 3d version on the 1st of this month. Is it showing then?
Next Tuesday is when i want to see it.
Can you get me one ticket to the movie Hobbs and Shaw in San Leandro?
I'd like to go on the 1st.
On the 3rd.
Can you please help me find a 3d family movie shown in San Jose.
Can you search for other ones? Something at CineLux Almaden.
I'm looking for a comedy to watch in San Jose at the AMC Saratoga. What movies are available?
the 1st please.
I want to watch 3d show, pls find other movies
Could you please search for some other movies? I wish to see a Fantasy movie at imax show.
On the March 3rd please.
I would like to watch a regular show. Please search in San Jose.
I'd like to watch a regular show.
I'd like to see an imax show actually.
Would you look in San Jose for some movies to see?
I prefer movies shown in Santa Rosa.
Our date is gonna be at night so maybe at quarter to 7 in the evening?
I'm looking for a movie to see preferably in Livermore.
I'm after an Imax film at Century Blackhawk Plaza in Danville can you tell me whats on?
Four tickets for later today please.
Shazam sounds good, what times are there for Monday next week?
I want to go the 1st of this month.
No. That's ok. I'm interested in the time for a regular show.
I would like to watch it on the 3rd.
I am not interested in those, are there any Adventure movies?
I want to watch a a imax movie. I love the Ghost movies.
I need to watch it on 1st of March at night 10:15.
Find movies in San Francisco area?
I need 3 tickets to see it on the 8th of this month for the evening 6:15 show.
I prefer Ad Astra and need four tickets
I want to watch is on March 4th. I want to watch at Boulevard Cinema
What times could I watch it? Are there any imax shows?
Can you search for movies in San Jose.
1st of this month
Hobbs and Shaw is Perfect and i like to buy movie tickets. I need to watch it a regular show and the day is on this saturday.
I want to watch it in Dublin.
Not really - can you find some others? I'd like to go to the New Parkway Theater, a regular show, nothing 3D, they make me queasy.
A regular show is fine. I need one ticket for 7:45 pm.
I want to watch a movie at AMC Bay Street
Can you show me movies shown in Morgan Hill.
Anything else, preferably something with Eugene Dynarski?
What movies are being shown in Healdsburg?
Can you find some other movies? I like the War genre.
I'm in San Francisco. Try searching for movies shown there.
Can you find me an IMAX showing of a comedy movie?
On March 4th.
I want to go out to watch a movie, can you find me some good shows in Pleasant Hill?
Can you find a regular show at around 2:30 in the afternoon?
I'll be in Brentwood. Could you look for movies there?
Yes, I'd like to go at 22:30 if possible.
I would like to watch the movie Friday next week.
I want to find movies in Palo Alto.
My friends came to my house and i am in joyful mood .will you find any adventure movies to watch along with my friends?
Look around for some other movie options, such as a Dramatic story.
Can you find me a nice movie directed by James Gray to watch?
Can you search for moveis shown SFO. I want to watch at Roxie Theater. Please find some other movies.
I need to watch the show at 9:30 pm.
I want to watch the movie in Santa Rosa. Can you check there?
I need the movies being shown in Brentwood.
Body Double sounds good. What time is it showing on the 15th of March at the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema
Find me a good flick in SFO.
I want to watch the movie on the 8th at AMC Bay Street.
I am in mood of watching a Drama movie, so I want to find one.
Please find some other movies in San Ramon. Any theatre is fine.
I am looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
Can you see what else there is? I'm in the mood for adventure films. Can you look at Boulevard Cinema?
In Santa Clara and would like to watch a regular show.
No, can you find an imax show in Concord?
I wish to see the movie which is directed by David Leitch and acted by Lori Pelenise Tuisano.
See if you can find some other movies in San Rafael please.
I enjoy documentary movies. Are you able to look for movies showing in Morgan Hill?
What are the schedules for the movie on the 2nd of March?
I'm looking for a 3d movie in Brentwood.
I would like two tickets.
I have some leisure time so that i could watch a movie. Will you find me a movie directed by Kirill Mikhanovsky and find something like Comedy-drama genre?
Can you find me a movie? I'm in the mood for action
Could you search for movies playing in Union City. Preferably at Century Union Landing.
I would like to catch the movie on 8th of March. Can you find me the screen times for this show on that date?
Check what's playing in Union City please.
Yeah, I heard of that one! I want to see Shazam then. What showtimes are there today? Actually I'm free on the 2nd.
I want to watch a 3d showing of it on the 5th of March.
Look in Santa Rosa.
Just 1 ticket please.
What are the show times at AMC Brentwood?
Okay, let's try something else. How about a movie directed by Gene Stupnitsky instead?
I would like to see it at an imax show on March 4th.
Please search for movies in downtown San Fran.
I am in Alameda.
I am in Daly City - can you find Adventure movies for us?
I just want to relax tonight and watch a movie. Anything directed by Tina Gordon would be good.
I like Biographical movies, can you search for movies shown in Vallejo? I want to watch a 3d show.
Missing Link is great! What time I see it? I want to see it on the 1st of March at Contra Costa.
I would like to see this movie on the 2nd.
Can you search for movies at Stanford Theatre around Palo Alto?
Please find me a non-fiction movie at the Roxie Theater.
I wanna watch it on the 1st.
Can you start your search by looking for Eccentric Story movies in the San Fran area?
i need 3 tickets.
Find me a regular movie to watch.
I need to find a movie, any type works
I'd like to see it on the 2nd.
I'm in Union City, can you suggest any movies there?
I want to see it on the 7th.
Please try again. I wish to see a imax show at 6:15 in the evening.
Shine a light sounds perfect. When is it screening? Any show type is OK.
Can you please look for some other movies, I'd like to see an imax show.
I prefer Union City.
I need two tickets for the movie at half past 9 in the night.
Reserve 2 tickets for the movie at 21:45 for next Thursday.
I want to see it Friday next week.
Can you search regular show movies shown in Santa Clara
Can you look for movies showing in Healdsburg?
No, I don't want to buy the ticket right now. Can you find me the timing of the movie on March 1st at Cinemark?
Look for movies in San Fran.
I want to watch a regular showing on the 5th.
I think After the Wedding would be perfect. Can you get me three tickets for the 4:30 pm show on March 10th?
Hey I need help finding a movie please, I like movies by Satoshi Kon.
The 1st of this month. Look for the 3d version.
No, are there any adventure movies showing in 3d?
I would love to see Dumbo! Can I see it this Saturday?
Can you find movies playing in Martinez.
search for movies shown in SFO
At 22:15 will be okay.
Look in San Ramon.
Can you help me find Biographical movies to watch? It's been a while since I've seen one in the theatre.
I would like to go to Vine Cinema in Livermore.
I want to see it on March 1st.
Next Tuesday please.
Show me movies for Mountain View.
I'd like to find a movie to watch at Century San Francisco Centre.
No, I don't want to buy tickets now. What times are the movies playing? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I want to see the a regular show in Milpitas.
I want to catch a night showing, maybe around quarter to 7 in the evening?
I prefer the 1st of March.
I want to go out to watch a movie in San Francisco, can you search for options?
March 1st.
No, not at the moment. What are the available times for March 1st?
Actually, Breakthrough sounds great. I want to see it on the 3rd so what times is it playing then?
I would like to watch it on the 1st of March.
I want to go on the 1st.
I'd like to see a Fantasy movie, what is playing at Contra Costa in Martinez?
I would like to watch Hustlers.
On the 5th at Albany Twin will be good.
Can you find me a 3d show at the Guild Theatre at Menlo Park?
Please look for a movie in Emeryville.
I want another movie. Any theater in Moraga is fine.
No, please search movies shown in Palo Alto at evening 7:15.
Definitely on March 5th. Is it available
Let's make that a regular showing at 22:45.
I want to see Hustlers in Brentwood at 7:30 pm.
Monday next week would be superb. I'd prefer to see it at Century Vallejo
I'd like to see High Life. I'd like to see a 3d show. What time could I see it?
I want to see it Tuesday next week
Breakthrough sounds great. What time is it available to watch? I am interested in a regular show.
Not right now. When is it showing at Vine Cinema?
Can you find me a regular screening of a Supernatural genre movie at AMC NewPark
Could you find some other movies? I prefer Adventure movies.
Can you tell me what's on in San Francisco.
Could you help find movies of the Adventure genre?
Give me some more choices please Check the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex for an imax show.
Find something else. Can you show what is on in Union City?
My friend and I are looking for a movie to go to. What movies are showing in San Rafael?
Any other showtimes? I'd prefer watching it in 3d at Regal Crow Canyon.
I would like to go in the evening 4:45.
Can you search for movies shown in SF.
Find some more options, please. I want to see 3rd Street Cinema.
Can you find some other movies at AMC NewPark.
Can you find all movies in Pleasant Hill?
What movies are showing in Fremont?
How about Thursday next week.
I want to find movies in Sonoma.
I feel good right now and would like to watch a movie. Can you search for movies shown in San Bruno?
On the 3rd of March.
I need 2 tickets.
the Century Redwood city the March 1st
Keep going. I'm flexible.
Just one please
I am looking for movies in San Ramon.
I would like to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
I'm not interested in any of those, can search some more. And I want to watch the movie in imax.
I'd like to see an imax show at Century at Pacific Commons. I want to watch it.
I need to watch 47 Meters Down
I want to spend my free time by watching a nice Movie like the one with Dramatic Story. Can you find something for me and I want to watch it at Century 20 Oakridge and XD.
I would like to go to a movie in San Ramon. Can you tell me what movies are playing?
What time is the movie playing at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
I want to see Hackers on the 7th of this month. What time does it play?
In 9th of this month it will be great for me.
Not right now. What time can I see the show? I want to watch a regular show.
Can you help me search for a Horror movie to watch?
I want to go out in Petaluma, can you see what movies there are?
No, I don't need tickets right away. What time is their imax showing?
Can you find some other movies? I want to watch one at an imax show in the AMC Metreon nearby.
I am looking for a movie to watch. Can you find movies that are showing in Morgan Hill?
How long can I watch it? Every theater is okay.
Shazam! sounds great. What time is it showing on the 8th of March?
I want to watch it at 8:30 pm and please buy 2 tickets.
I would prefer to see it around 10:30 in the night.
I'd like to watch it on the day after tomorrow.
Can you search in San Jose?
I want to watch it on March 7th.
I'd like to watch it on 7th of this month. I need two tickets.
Can you find a drama film for me?
I would like to see a Fantasy movie.
I would like to watch a Biographical movie near Morgan Hill.
I prefer tomorrow at Century Union Landing. Whatever type of show is absolutely fine.
Yeah, Knock Down The House sounds good. When does this movie start? I want to go see it on the 8th of March.
Please find something else. I'm interested in drama movies. Are there any regular showings available?
On the 5th please.
I want three tickets
I want 2 tickets at 11 in the night.
I'mm interested in seeing an imax movie in Petaluma.
I really want to watch a Fantasy movie. Is there anything available?
Whoops, let's make that next Friday instead. And I think I want to go in Santa Clara.
Please find movies in Hayward.
I like to watch The Lord of the Rings three and i need it on 6th of this month.
I am looking for movies being show in San Jose.
I want Horror movies
Can you find movies being shown in Vallejo?
I want to find a comedy movie. Search for movies now showing in Oakland.
Teen Spirit will be perfect. What time will I be able to watch it? I would like to see it at AMC Bay Street?
I feel like being spooked out. Can you help me find some scary movies?
I want to see Luce at Oakland on the 2nd of March.
What are some flicks in Oakland?
March 2nd please.
I am in Vallejo
I am looking for a movie to watch at AMC NewPark.
9th of March.
I want a 3d movie to watch.
I'd like to see it on Saturday this week.
I'd like 1 regular movie ticket for a show this Sunday.
Please search for IT two in Milpitas.
I'm in Brentwood
San Francisco.
No, Not interested . Find some other movies, will you find me 3d movies
Can you find some other movies I'd like to go see them at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. Any kind of movie will do.
I'd like to see something at the AMC Bay Street. Preferably a comic book-type movie. If you can find one of those, that would be great!
At the Concord area. I want to watch an Adventure movie at the Veranda Luxe Cinema. 
I am in San Francisco.
I want to watch The Curse of La Llorona.  What time is an imax show available on March 1st?
I want to see a movie in Mountain View.
Can you search for something in Santa Clara on the 1st of march.
Look for movies shown in SFO.
Could you help me finding a movie to watch in Union City, please?
I'd like just a regular show, and something on the 4th of this month would be best.
The Curse of La Llorona is great. What time is it available in March 5th?
I need 1 ticket for a movie at 8:15 pm.
Tomorrow please.
I would like to see Little. I would like to watch it on March 1st.
I would like to watch the show at 11:15 am on the 9th.
I am interested in watching adventure movies in imax show.
I would like to see a movie at the AMC Bay Street.
I will need 2 tickets, please.
The Redwood City
No thanks. I like fantasy movies. Can you now search in Campbell?
No, something else, in 3D, please.
I'd like to see it on the 2nd of this month.
I would like it in San Bruno.
This week, I have a lot to do and meeting to attend. I think I'll deserve some time to relax and watch a movie, something I could really use your help choosing. I want to see a Non-fiction movie that I can watch on imax. You have any ideas for me?
Please set the date for the 8th of March.
Find tickets for the movie Farewell.
Yeah, I want to see Hustlers.
I'm in Santa Rosa. I'm in the mood for a fantasy movie.
March 1st please.
Can you help me find a movie to stream in the Play genre?
Find other movies and any type of show
On the 4th of this month.
Any time on the 1st of March
It's movie night! I'm trying to decide what to watch. Can you find movies shown in Sonoma?
Can you find a movie for me with Shayn Solberg?
I'm in Cloverdale.
What's showing in San Jose?
I want to go on March 6th. And I'm located in San Jose.
Could you try March 4th at 10:30 pm in Santa Clara.
I am in Santa Clara, can you search here?
Lets go see Transit, What time is it? Ill go to any theater.
Somewhere in San Fran.
I want to watch a 3d movice in Emeryville.
I want to watch a movie at Sonoma Cinema.
I'm interested in 3d shows at 6:45 in the evening. You can search in Palo Alto as well.
It will only be me, so 1 is fine.
Could you help search for movies shown in Livermore?
Farewell is great. I'm buying tickets for ten pm on 4th of March.
I'm thinking the 7th of this month.
Give me a 3d show.
No, not now. What are the viewing times and dates? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I would like to find movies shown in Moraga tonight.
What time can I see it? I want to watch on the 9th and a 3d show.
What are the showtimes for this movie at New Parkway Theater?
Are there any Cartoon movies showing at imax in Union City?
Please find movies in Santa Rosa on March 2nd.
I was thinking a regular showing on March 8th would be good. 
Hey, I want a movie. Find me one in San Ramon, please. A good one this time!
Find some comic movies. I want to watch at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
Can you show me movies in San Jose.
Can you look for movies in SF.
I prefer a regular showing. Please get a ticket for the showing at 11 in the night.
I would like to be on 1st of this month.
I am located near Hillsborough.
In Santa Rosa search me please.
I want to watch the imax show next Friday.
Look in Morgan Hill.
I wanna find a movie to watch. Can you search for movies in Alameda?
I really enjoy Biographical movies and was thinking of watching Century at Hayward.
I changed my mind. Can you show me regular shows?
I want to find a movie to watch at AMC Saratoga.
Just a regular show, nothing special.
I want to find movies in San Ramon.
Try to find movies shown in Albany.
I want to go on March 3rd.
Breakthrough is perfect. Are there any times for the 3rd?
Please get me tickets to the movie Official Secrets.
Nope, I would like to watch Funny movies especially a imax show. Please can you find any such movies?
I need one ticket to a regular show.
Long shot sounds great. I want to watch on the 11th at AMC Mercado
Can you look for the movie in Newark?
Could you find films shown in San Ramon for me?
I'd like to see it on 2nd of March.
Please search for movies showing at the Pruneyard Cinemas in Campbell.
I'd like to go to the AMC NewPark.  Can you tell me what movies are showing in Newark?
Find me please a movie to watch at Airport Stadium Cinemas
I'd like to go on the 7th.
Are there any movies with actor Josh Gad in them?
I wish to see movies depicted in Livermore and I need one ticket.
Can you find movies in Albany?
find me a movie to watch please. Any show will work
I would like Scary movies. I would like to watch THE LOT City Center.
Find theaters playing 3D movies in San Jose.
Do you know the time I can watch it? I want it to be an imax show.
Mary Magdalene is good I would like to watch it this Saturday a imax show.
I need Santa Rosa at 8:15 in the night.
No thanks. I like adventure movies and I want to watch an Imax show.
I want to see a movie in San Fran.
I feel like going to the movies. I'd like to go see a 3d movie at Guild Theatre.
Anything at seven in the evening on March 1st. I would like three tickets.
I want to see a movie in San Bruno. What's available?
I would like to watch a movie in 3d from the Drama movie genre that I like.
Can you look for movies in Livermore?
Please check the 1st of this month.
Can you find me a drama movie to watch? One staring Taraji P. Henson
I would like to purchase 2 tickets.
Search it in San Jose.
No, something else. An imax show is what I am looking for.
I want to see a movie by Peter Jackson that is a Fantasy.
My friend and I want to go see a movie but we can't find one we like. We really want to see a Drama.
No. This Saturday would work better.
I want to watch Good Boys at 22:00.
Let me enjoy movie directed by Nitesh Tiwari, is there any one?
I forgot. I wanted to see it on Imax and March 8th would be the date.
I would like to see a thriller movie located in Brentwood.
I want to go see it today.
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
It's gonna be 3 of us
Can you find me a movie to watch at a Regal Jack London theater in Oakland? It should be a regular show.
I prefer a regular show, playing at 7:45 pm, on the 16th.
I like Brittany Runs a Marathon.
I'd like to view it on March 9th.
Look for movies shown in Martinez
The 1st of this month at Presidio Theatre.
I want to watch on 1st of this month.
I would like to see it on the 9th of this month.
I want to watch the 21:15 imax please
I'd like to watch a Gladys Holland movie
Can you search for movies shown in Sonoma?
I want to watch the movie on 15th of March, are there any timing available on that day?
I need to find a movie to watch in Livermore. I'd like to see an imax show.
I want to search it in San Leandro.
This Sunday.
I wanna see it on the 2nd
I want to watch something different like a 3D show. And I want to see it at Century San Francisco Centre.
No they don't sound like my cup of tea. What about a 3d film.
I'd like to see it on March 1st.
Yeah, I have changed the date to March 1st and at Century Vallejo.
I would like to see a regular show on March 10th in the San Jose area.
On the 3rd of this month, if possible.
I am planning to catch a movie with my friend later. Can you recommend a 3d movie?
March 7th, please.
Search for movies playing right now in Napa.
I want to see the movie in San Fran.
Hey, can you help me get movie tickets to IT Chapter Two.
Find movies in Larkspur. I would like a 3d show.
I will need three tickets for the 8:15 pm show if available.
I want to watch a McKinley Belcher III movie. I want something directed by Simon Curtis. It should be a drama.
Not at the moment. I'd like to watch an imax show, what are the available times?
I haven't seen a new movie a months. Can you find me an Imax show in Campbell to watch?
Is it on at any other times? I'd actually like to go to the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
Can you help me find an adventure movie showing in concord?
Can you find other movies? I want to see an IMAX movie at Rialto Cinemas.
I would like to find a movie to watch in the Imaginative fiction genre.
I'd like to see a movie, any genre is fine
Please find some other options in imax.
Will you find me movies directed by Tom McCarthy starring Walter the Dog?
Let's try something else. I want a regular show. Something like a Biographical movie.
I would like to watch the regular showing next Monday. What time do they have available, then?
I'd like to see the movie on Sunday this week at 19:15. A regular show is fine.
What time is the movie available on Tuesday next week?
No, don't really fancy that one either. Can you see if there's anything else? We quite like fantasy films, especially stuff directed by Neil Marshall.
Find movies in Larkspur
I'm in San Jose.
I wish to see it on the 9th.
Is it available at another time? How about on March 4th?
Please can you look for a good movie to watch for this week end, might be in San Jose?
I would like to buy a movie ticket in Concord on the 9th for four people.
I'm in San Ramon, please find a movie there.
I want movies shown in Union City.
Not right now. What times are available. I'd liek to see it in Imax if possible.
Find me something else like a regular show.
I'd like a location in San Ramon.
I am in Oakland, so can you find me any nearby movies?
In Santa Rosa please.
I want to go half past 6 in the evening to see the show.
Long Shot sounds perfect. What are the show times? I would like to watch a 3d show.
Can you look in the Newark area?
I want to watch a movie at Century 25 Union Landing and XD. I like dramatic story movies.
Help me find movies showing in San Francisco.
Are there any good movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I'd prefer something else, in Menlo Park, any theater.
Nah. Find me something regular.
I'd like three tickets, please.
What fantasy movies are being shown in Morgan Hill?
Are you able to find movies playing at Livermore?
No, Sunday this week when we have a babysitter. We want the CineLux Almaden.
Comedy movies are my favorites.Search for me movies shown in SF .I would love to watch a imax show.
I would like movies in Petaluma.
I'm in Rohnert Park. Please find me a scary movie.
Can you find me a movie directed by Claire Denis?
I will be available on March 9th. That day would work.
Can you find for movies shown in Santa Clara.
Hey, they got any Fantasy movies playing at THE LOT City Center?
Not right now. What time can I watch it at Rheem Theatre?
I live in San Bruno.
I want to see it on the 1st.
I'd like a Ghost movie. Can you find anything else?
Can you find me a movie shown in Vallejo
I want to watch a movie staring Daniel Camp and directed by Herbert Ross.
search for March 11th.
What time is it showing at CineLux Almaden?
I like to prefer with regular one.
Please find some different movies. Any showing is fine.
I'd like to try and watch it on the 1st of March.
I want all kinds of movies
Probably, on March 8th.
I think Dumbo sounds great. What are the timings for it and I want to see it on the 1st.
No. Please search for a Comic imax show.
I'm at home alone and it is awfully quiet, so it's the perfect time to sit back and watch a movie. Can you find me a movie with Michaela Watkins starring in it and preferably directed by Paul Downs Colaizzo?
Search for Fantasy movies in San Jose.
Any others? I'm looking for something directed by Jonathan Levine, and starring O'Shea Jackson Jr.
I would like to watch a regular show at 3rd Street Cinema in Santa Rosa.
I'd like to look for a film to view at the raven Film Center. Could you look for a film playing in Healdsburg? I'd like to view a 3d film.
Hey, I want to go see a movie. Any theater is cool for me.
Book the show at ten pm.
I'm in Livermore.
I'd like to go watch it next wednesday.
I would like to watch it on 5th of March.
I want to search for the movies in Mountain View.
What's the address for Cinelux Tennant Station?
Find me something else.I want to watch a regular show.
Can you buy me movie tickets for movie shown in Rohnert Park?
The day after tomorrow.
I want to find a movie to watch, Can you search for the movies shown in Petaluma?
Anything in Mill Valley?
I want to see the movie on the 1st of this month please.
Please can you look for some good movies in Santa Rosa of Sonoma County?
Find Drama movies on imax.
No, Not at all. Please search for other movies. Will you search for movies shown in Union City and I like to watch at Century Union Landing location.
Can you find me an Imax movie Show?
I want to want Angel has fallen on day after tomorrow.
Can you try again? But I want Angel Has Fallen at quarter past 10 in the night.
I think we would all much prefer the 3d show.
I'm planning on going to see it on the 4th of this month, as I have off from work. I'm hoping to catch the imax show at AMC Mercado.
in Pleasant Hill, Is there any nice movie you can find here?
I want to get some movie tickets to a 3d show of A Faithful Man. It' sounds great.
Hey. Can you help me purchase two movie tickets to a showing Wednesday next week in Santa Rosa?
No, I want something else please. Any theater will do.
What else is there. I'm watching with my wife so maybe a Rom-com would be good.
Can you find me a 3D movie to watch?
I am more interested in fantasy movies, can you give me movie recommendations for the AMC Deer Valley?
I'm going on a date so I will need two tickets please.
I'm looking for a movie to watch at THE LOT City Center.
No. What's showing at Summerfield Cinemas?
I wish to purchase movie tickets to watch it on Wednesday next week.
I want to watch The Load.
I'd like to go somewhere in Oakland.
I am hoping to go on the 1st of March.
How about the 5th of this month?
I would like 1 ticket for IT Chapter Two in Union City on the 3rd of this month.
I want to see something on Wednesday next week, around ten pm or so. And I'm in San Rafael.
I am in the Santa Clara area.
No. I would like to book 2 tickets in Newark.
will you find me movies in Hayward?
Can you see if there are some other movies? I usually enjoy watching a film directed by Alfred Hitchcock, and for the film to be starring ALix Talton.
Can I have some more options? And can you search in Union City?
It will be fine in SFO
I am in Concord.
I want to watch on the night of the 16th of March, and I only need one ticket in San Jose
I will have some free time coming up and am thinking I might go see a movie. What movies are showing in Alameda at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
There will be two of us.
Please give it a go again and look in San Francisco. I'd like a showing at 6:30 in the evening for Fiddler: A Miracle of Miracles.
Find me a movie directed by Anna Boden in the Adventure category.
2nd of March.
I want to watch something in Imax in San Francisco
Breakthrough sounds great, thanks. I'd like to see it in 3D, when is it on?
I would like 1 ticket to see a 3D movie called Ad Astra.
Search for movies only shown in Vacaville.
Book it for one person at ten in the night.
Look for something else. Something regular.
Get me one ticket for March 1st.
I would like to watch the show at 10:30 pm.
Please try for some other time like half past 10 in the night on March 5th for a regular show.
Also book for 4 tickets.
This Saturday at Century at Tanforan.
Yes, The Upside is what I want to see then. What are the showtimes for today?
I want to watch it at Embarcadero Center Cinema on the 2nd of this month.
Dumbo would be great, what are the playing times on March 1st at any theater.
I would like to see it on March 2nd in a 3d showing.
Yes, I want to watch a imax show: what time is it?
The 9th of March.
Hi, I'm wanting to see a movie. I want something at 8:30 pm.
I would prefer a movie with Frederick Preston
Can you do a search for any movies in fairfield?
Hey, could you please find me regular movie tickets for Friday next week at 22:45?
I want to watch it tomorrow.
I am in Petaluma.
Oh, sorry. I would like to see it on the 9th of March.
Find some other movies, any type of movie is fine.
No. Maybe look at the Century at Tanforan
I would like to see a regular showing of Hustlers. Look for something in Livermore around 21:45.
I want to go later today.
Please find me movies in Brentwood.
I'm interested in Hotel Mumbai, thanks. What are the times this movie is available? I'd like to watch a regular show. 
I'd like to see Chhichhore in Santa Clara. Just one ticket is good.
What time can I watch the movie on the 2nd?
I would like four tickets to IT2 on March 3rd in Mountain View.
can you search for movies shown in San Jose.i like Adventure movies.
Captain Marvel sounds perf. What Time can I watch? I want a regular show time
I am going to watch a movie at the Piedmont Theatre
No, what else is there? I want to see a regular show.
Can you tell me the time i shall able to watch that movie on 4th of March at Century Daly City?
I'm really bored. Can you find me a movie to watch in Union City?
No, don't get me tickets. But can you tell me what time I can see it. I want to see it on March 1st?
Could you try once? I wanna watch it on Saturday this week.
Find me movies showing around Brentwood.
I'm looking for movies in Morgan Hill.
Please find movies in Union City.
I'm in Larkspur.
I'm on Oakland. Can you show me movies from here?
I'm searching for movies to watch. I prefer Drama movies
Hi, could you help me search for some nice Anime movies please?
I would like to buy a movie ticket in San Jose at 11 o"clock in the night.
I want movies in Vacaville.
I would like to search for movies in Santa Rosa, please.
Please search in the San Francisco area.
I would prefer movies shown in Albany.
No. Also, you can look at any theatre.
Hi. I want to find a comedy movie to watch at Century Oakridge. Can you help me with that?
Search for movies in Vallejo.
I want to watch 3d show on 1st of March
Brentwood please.
I wish to search for a movie at Tiburon Playhouse.
Dumbo is perfect. What time can I watch it? I'd like to watch it on March 3rd.
Eh, I kind of want to watching something a little more regular. Can you find what is playing at the Airport Stadium Cinemas?
I like Ghost movies. Search for movies in San Jose.
i need to watch at IT2. Will you search for movies that shown in Mill Valley?
I want to watch a regular show of Angel Has Fallen shown in Concord.
I like adventure movies.Please find some other movies.
I want to go sometime today. I think the United Artists Berkeley would be the closest to where I am.
I would like to find a 3d movie to watch.
No not at present. What time is it on? I am interested in showing on the 4th at Boulevard Cinema.
I think that I want to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
Find me some other movies showing at AMC Brentwood.
I want to find a movie to watch at Century Walnut Creek.
Please search for movies showing in Mill Valley.
I would liek to watch a Scientific fiction in San Bruno at Century at Tanforan and XD.
Any others? Find something in the Comic genre.
I want to watch a imax show for movies in Fremont.And I want to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
No, find some other movies. Search for movies being shown in Santa Rosa instead. Any type of movie is fine.
Just a regular show.
In Sebastopol
I want to watch 3 Below Theaters and lounge.
I need to find a movie in Santa Rosa.
I'll go on March 1st, a regular screening
IT2 is great! Buy me three tickets for the 10:15 in the night showing on the 10th of March
I'm looking for an imax show this Saturday.
I need to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
San Rafael, please. I'd like to see a Drama movie.
I really want to find a movie to watch. I was thinking we could go to an imax show.
No. I want to watch on 2nd of March. What time can i watch?
No, not yet. But what time will I be able to watch a regular show?
I would like to see Dumbo. What time is it showing at ShowPlace ICON?
Make it on 2nd of this month.
Please find out the screening times for 3d shows.
I'd like to see Hustlers.
I'd particularly like a 3d movie.
I am interested in seeing the movie on the 4th at the quarter to 5 in the evening show and would lke 3 tickets.
Can you search for movies in Santa ROsa.
I would like to see After. Any type of show is fine. What times is it showing?
Try some other particularly in Vallejo, imax show.
Hi, could you help me find some nice Action movies to watch please?
My husband and I want to watch a 3d movie. Where is the closest place?
Hi, could you help me find a regular show to watch at Roxy Stadium Cinemas in Santa Rosa please?
Find a 3d movie in Brentwood.
I'm in Campbell. I'd like to go to Pruneyard Cinemas.
I want to find a movie to watch. I like comic movies. I want to watch at Century Napa Valley.
I am looking for a movie in Alameda.
Yes, I'd love to watch it later today.
I would like to find an Exotic movie.
I'd like to see the show at night 10 on the 2nd. I'm fine with a regular show.
Not yet, what are the available time slots for this movie next Tuesday?
Could you search for movies in Menlo Park.
I would like to see it tomorrow
Could you find me movies in Menlo Park?
I want to go on 6th of March, to a regular show at 3rd Street cinema.
I want to see IT Chapter Two on the 7th of March.
I would like to watch it next Thursday.
No, not right now. What is the time that I can see it? I want to see it on the 3rd.
I want to go out this evening. How about some tickets to see a movie at quarter past 6 in the evening?
Not interested. Any other movies which are directed by QUentin Tarantino? type of movie should be Cult genre.
Would you look for theaters around Emeryville? That's where we're eating.
I'd like to watch IT2 in imax.
Do you have any movies with Mike Colter?
I am interested in seeing an Imax show, preferrably a cartoon movie. Would you search for this in Santa Rosa?
I am in Antioch, can you search for nearby movies?
San Jose. I want to watch a regular show.
Find me a movie in Santa Clara.
Can you find a movie for me to watch that was directed by Michael Chaves?
San Jose, so search for movies there.
March 2nd would be nice.
Next Friday would be perfect for me.
I want to watch movie. Any kind of movie works for me.
I need to buy it in Pittsburg.
search for me in Sebastopol.
I only need 1 ticket for the movie.
What are the show times available for this movie? Would it be possible on the March 5th for a 3d version of this movie?
Yeah, we already saw that one. Is there anything directed by Hari Sama?
On 2nd of this month.
Please look for other movies. Are you able to do a search for movies in Emeryville? I would like to see something in IMax.
Can you check whether tickets are available for the show at quarter to 4 in the afternoon on March 7th?
Not now, what times are available and any theatre is fine.
I'm in San Ramon, so search for movies near there.
please search Mill Valley for movies.
I am in San Francisco, can you search for movies in this city?
My friend and I want to watch a movie at Century Daly City
Imax show will be perfect.
I will need 3 tickets for the 9:45 pm movie on the 10th of this month.
What time is After playing? I would like to see a regular show at Roxy Stadium Cinemas.
Please find other results. I like movies directed by Martin Scorsese, and I also like seeing a documentary.
Kindly find a movie in Newark.
i need 1 tickets.
It will be great to watch at Guild Theatre,tell me please at what time can I watch it.
The Mustang sounds good. What are the times if I want to watch it Wednesday next week?
I've always been interested in edwards fairfield. are there any biographical movies showing?
I need you to find me movies in San Jose
I want to see it at eleven pm.
I find boring myself to proceed in my routine life. i need a break so i plan to watch movies. will you buy movie tickets. i like to watch the show at 7 pm.
Anything else? What about movies directed by Iain Softley. Or something that's a Drama?
Can you find me movies shown in Emeryville
I'm looking for a movie at CineLux Tennant Station.
I would like to go today.
I want to see it on the 2nd.
When can I see it on the 8th of March?
Please search for movies shown in Fairfield.
Pillow Talk sounds good. What time is the movie?
I need it in Union City at 11 in the night. I need four tickets.
Nine pm.
Can you find a movie shown in SFO.
Okay, I expect we'll go see the movie on the 5th at THE LOT City Center.
A regular show.
Not exactly for the debut movies but might for the latest one. Please can you suggest some other movies? If you can find the one shown in Oakland, that would be perfect.
I wish to watch a movies shown in Morgan Hill. So Find it in that place.
I am looking for a movie directed by Elaine May to watch. Find something starring Rose Arrick.
I want to find an imax movie to watch later tonight.
No, I want to watch it on Sunday this week. What times is it showing?
On March 1st.
I want to want at Century at Tanforan, find some other movies.
I'd like to find something an Eccentric story movie to watch. What do you recommend?
I want to find a good film to watch with Duane Whitaker and I want something directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Make it movies in Santa Clara
I love adventure movies a lot and I want to see one of those. Can you find me a movie like that in San Jose? Preferably IMAX too, please.
Pleasant Hill.
The day after tomorrow please
What's the showtime for Pet Sematary on next Tuesday?
I want to find a movie to watch. I want to watch a regular show.
If I had my rathers I'd like the tickets for Wednesday next week for a 10:15 in the night showing.
I would like to see the show at half past 8 in the night.
I am thinking of going on March 2nd and I would like to see it at Veranda LUXE Cinema.
The 1st of this month.
Let's try that ticket purchase again please. How about a 10:45 pm imax show?
Just 1 would be needed.
The date would be March 4th, just a regular show is find, some kind of movie around San Ramon would do.
I'm looking for a movie to watch tonight. My favorites are scary movies.
I'd like to catch it on the 10th.
I want to know when I can go see that movies. What are the regular show times?
I am planning to watch a regular show on 5th of this month.
Can you get me tickets to watch the movie Good Boys on the 9th of this month?
I'm in Oakland.
I want to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
I am in Santa Rosa and want the closest theater. What movies are there now?
I'd like to watch it on the 7th of March.
Nope, not now. What time can I watch it? I wanna watch it at Alameda Theatre & Cineplex. Any type of show is fine.
I am interested in seeing something else, preferably at the Regal Jack London.
It will be on the 7th of this month.
Can you search for another one? I would like to watch Century at Tanforan.
I want to watch the show at afternoon 3:30
How about next Thursday?
Please check the showtimes for this Saturday.
I like to watch imax show on 1st of March.
I want to watch The Farewell in 3d
I want to find a 3d movie.
Please recommend a movie that's showing in San Bruno.
I want to watch a Rom-com movie.
I prefer imax show.
What are some movies I can watch in Hayward?
Red Joan is perfect! What time can I see a 3d show on March 5th?
Please search for movies in San Francisco.
What times are available on the 2nd of this month at Boulevard Cinema.
I have to see a regular show movie at 10:30 in the night
On the 7th.
I want to purchase film tickets to a regular movie. Could you look for films playing in Santa Clara?
Try Healdsburg please.
Can you help me find movies in Oakland?
Probably later today.
I'd love Captain Marvel. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch a regular show.
I want four tickets for tomorrow.
Ladykillers is perfect. Can you buy me some tickets for quarter to 8 in the evening? I want to watch the movie in 3d.
Can you find me a movie to watch, directed by Morton DaCosta? I'm looking for a specific one.
Search please some movies shown in Newark on Wednesday next week because I want to buy tickets.
I'd like to a show. Can you help me find a 3d movie near me?
Is there a imax show nearby?
At what time can I watch the movie, if I plan on seeing it on the 1st of this month?
I would love to see a 3d show in Menlo Park.Can you help me find one?
My brother and I want to go see an adventure movie, can you help find one?
I plan on going to the theater Friday next week.
I need the tickets for regular show for the movie Overcomer on 2nd of March.
I am planning to watch it on March 2nd.
Searc in Emeryville, please
Can you search movies in San Francisco?
I want a movie directed by Harry Elfont and starring Harmoni Everett.
On later today
I'm looking forward to seeing it on the 1st.
Can you find me an imax show on the 6th of this month at night 10:30?
the 2nd of this month.
I feel like watching a movie. What's available in San Jose?
What time is it? I want to go to Century at Tanforan.
I want to go on the 2nd of March.
A regular one is fine for us
I would like a regular drama movie at Regal Crow Canyon.
I'm having some friends over and need a movie to watch. Please find me some movies in the comic genre.
make a search for 1st of this month.
I'd like to see it at New Parkway Theater on the 10th of March.
I'd like something else. I forgot to mention but I'm into Comic movies.
Can you fin another movie.
Can you look for films which are playing in Menlo Park?
I am looking for a funny movie.
Have you tried searching for movies in Oakland
I want to search for it in San Jose and I would like to prefer a 3D show.
I want a regular one.
I wish to see it on the 1st.
I want to watch a movie in Union City.
I'd like to look for a film to watch. I like adventure films.
On 2nd of March.
I need 1 tickets that should be a imax show.
I want to watch a Zoe Bell movie.
Just two of us.
I want it on Saturday this week.
Please keep searching. I'd like to see a drama at the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
I would like to watch a horror movie.
I'd like to watch a movie at Reading Cinemas Rohnert Park.
Find me movies in San Francisco.
I would like to watch the movie on the 4th.
I want to watch it at Century at Hayward. 
I want to watch the movie at Boulevard Cinema. Can you find movies that are showing in Petaluma? I enjoy comedy movies.
I'd like to see an imax movie in Novato.
Please change the date and time to 1st of March at half past 9 in the night.
Can you find me a Romance movie starring Haaz Sleiman?
I would like to watch an imax show on the 5th of this month. I want 1 ticket.
I need movie tickets for Toy Story Four, now please.
I would like a regular show.
Can you attempt to buy again? I'd like to watch it at Walnut creek on next Tuesday, during night 9:45.
Anything else? I am looking for Scary movies.
I'd like the 1st of March, if possible.
I am looking for a 3d suspense movie in Santa Clara.
I'd like to watch a movie directed by Malik Bendjelloul
I'd like to see a movie at Century Rowland Plaza.
How about something else like a comic film directed by Morton DaCosta?
I am in Brentwood, there are a few theaters. What movies are around here?
After sounds great! I plan on watching it on the 2nd of this month. Can you tell me what time is the showing?
Can you check for a movie in Fremont?
Curse of La Llorona is perfect. What time can I watch a imax on the 7th
I desire 1 ticket.
My friend and I are looking to watch a movie later. Can you find movies in Walnut Creek?
Please find some more movies. I would like to watch at AMC Bay Street for a 3d show.
Find me movies in Union City.
No thank you. Can you search for movies showing at Century at Tanforan in San Bruno.
This Saturday.
Shazam! sounds great! I want to watch in Tuesday next week. What times are there?
Likely at 6:30 pm.
Can you find me a regular movie show that I can watch in Santa Rosa?
I'm looking for something to do with my evening. What movies are showing in San Jose?
No, regular show is enough to me.
Century Cinemas is in San Leandro.
Dr. Strangelove sounds good. I don't care about the theater, but what times are available?
I would like to watch the movie at any theater today.
I was thinking about seeing a 3d movie at the Lark Theater. Can you search for the movies playing in Larkspur right now?
I feel Shazam is good for me and i want to watch it in Century Walnut Creek and what is the show time?
Somewhere close to home so I don't have to drive far would be great, start with Brentwood.
Yes, Overcomer is good and I want to purchase the tickets now. Please buy one ticket on March 7th for the show time at 10:30 pm.
I want to watch it at quarter to 11 in the night.
Tuesday next week would be best
I'm looking for movies in Santa Clara.
Yes, Teen Spirit would be great. What time is an imax showing playing?
What time is the showtimes on March 1st?
I want to go on the 11th, at 3 Below Theaters And Lounge.
Search for movies being shown in Newark.
I am feeling bored. Is there any Fantasy movies laying?
Can you find me a thriller movie directed by Alexander Mackendrick?
No, now right now. I want to see it at CineLux Tennant Station on the 4th of this month. What time is it playing then?
I want to see it on Saturday this week.
What else is there? I want to see an imax movie.
Look for movies plating San Ramon.
Gloria Bell would be good - I'd like to see it on the 9th of this month, what time does it start at?
Actually, you know what, I changed my mind. I think I want to watch Hustlers in Santa Clara, can you search there please?
Actually can you make that a 3d showing for later today?
I'm looking to watch an action movie directed by David Leitch starring Alex King.
Could you look for films shown in Napa?
Can you tell me if it's playing on the 2nd at Pruneyard cinemas?
I want 2 tickets for the show on March 1st.
At what time i shall able to watch that movie? Whether i could able to watch it on 2nd of this month.
I want to find Animation movies that are 3d showing in Santa Rosa tonight.
Red Joan will work. what times are avaliable for the 9th of this month.
I want to see it on March 7th.
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it on? I want to watch at Century Union Landing.
I want to watch a regular show. I want to want it on 3rd of this month.
I want to see it on Wednesday next week.
I'm going on a date so I need 2 tickets on Saturday this week in SF
I'd like to view the show during 5:15 in the evening.
I'll see it this Saturday
I am looking for showtimes on the 17th.
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it showing at AMC Mercado?
Is there another show time? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I want to watch it on the 1st of March.
I think I'd like to get 1 ticket for the evening 7:30 pm showing.
I'd like to find a movie to watch. Would you find me movies in Santa Rosa? A regular show would be good.
I want to see it at Century Union Landing. What movies are playing in Union City?
I'd like to watch it on the 5th.
A show in Danville will be great.
Could you look in Union City?
I have a lot of leisure time and i am going to make use of it. Will you find a movie to watch? Actually i like Drama kind of movies
Sometime on the 6th of this month. 
Im looking to watch a movie that is in 3d.
I want to watch a movie that Ian Hendry is in.
I am in San Jose. Also I want to see a 3D movie.
Tell me what is showing at the CineLux Tennant Station in Morgan Hill.
Can you find me seats for Once Upon a Time In Hollywood?
Search for Morgan Hill.
What time can I watch it on Wednesday next week?
I want to go next Friday.
I am currently at Sebastopol, could you find for movies currently showing in this area?
Let's go with Sunday this week.
What time can I watch it on March 2nd at 3rd Street Cinema.
Little is the one for me. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch it today.
I need it at Century 20 Great Mall and XD, for movies in Milpitas. I want to see Action.
I want to watch a 3D show. Can you search for movies in Napa?
Search for movies in Larkspur.
Can you search a comic movie for me?
The 4th of this month
I don't really like any of those. How about some Drama films? I want to watch it at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
I wanna see Embarcadero Center Cinema and in imax
Find movies in San Leandro
No, I don't want to purchase now. What time can I watch it? I want to watch a 3d show.
I want to see the movie on the 4th of this month.
I would like to watch a 3d movie.
I want to watch a movie that's been shown in Fairfield.
I'm thinking today at the AMC Eastridge.
Could you please find the movie in Tiburon?
Its Santa Clara, so please search for movies nearby.
No, not now. I want to watch it at regular show times at CineLux Tennant Station. What time can I watch it?
I'd like 4 tickets to watch the show at nine pm.
I'd like to get movie tickets to go watch After The Wedding.
Search for movies in SFO please.
I plan on seeing it on the 2nd of March.
I want to watch tomorrow.
Actually, what time is the movie. I want to see it in an imax theater.
I wanna watch IT Chapter Two on the 7th, preferably in Mill Valley
Thanks. That's all I need.
Long Shot sounds great.
I want to see that.
Sounds perfect, that's all I wanted.
That's great, that'll be all for today.
Yes, Pet Sematary sounds great!
Yeah! That works.
That sounds just fine.
may be Little, I think which is perfect.
That is great. I don't need anything further.
Sounds good
Oh, I forgot about Captain Marvel. That one would be perfect.
That is great .That was all that I needed for now.
Sure thing.
Oh, It sounds good.
Breakthrough sounds great.
That's perfect, I'm all set.
I see, that sounds great! That is all I need for now.
Sounds good, thanks. That's all I need!
That sounds perfect. That's all I need for now.
Awesome, thats all I need to know.
Yes, I want to watch The Curse of La Llorona.
The Curse of La Llorona sounds good.
Awesome. Thank you for your help.
Yes, that one sounds really good. That's all I needed today.
Captain Marvel sounds great.
Breakthrough sound perfect.
I've heard Shazam! is really good. I think we'll watch that one.
Sure. I've never heard of it, but we'll give it a shot.
Great, That's all I need
That sounds good.
Sounds good. That's everything for now.
That seems good. That'll be all.
Missing Link is good
Yes, I would like to see Penguin Highway.
Awesome, thanks. That'll be everything.
That sounds great!
Official Secrets sounds prefect.
Thanks thats everything
Red Joan sounds great.
Lets go with Hellboy.
That will work.
That is perfect for me.
That one sounds good, thank you. That's all I need.
Ok. This is perfect
Ok that sounds good.
Pillow talk sounds good to me.
That sounds perfect.
I might like it, thank you for the advice, bye.
Thanks, that is all.
Thank you for the information.
Ash Is Purest White would be great.
Awesome. That about does it.
That seems awesome.
Terrific. That's all I need for now.
Yeah that one sounds better
Hotel Mumbai is a good movie.
Fiddler is perfect.
Shazam! sounds perfect!
Ad Astra is a good movie.
Perfect.
Ok i got it ,Movie Pet Sematary is Perfect and it suits my taste.
Sounds good, that is all.
sounds very good
Shazam! works for me.
Yeah, The Last Dragon sounds great
I love Dumbo.
That's not too bad.
Great. Thanks for the information.
Shine a Light sounds good.
Yeah, this sounds great.
Captain Marvel it is that's just the kind of movie I was looking to see.
Dumbo seem like a good choice.
The film Where would you go is fine for me.
That is perfect, that is all.
Dumbo sounds great!
That sounds perfect, I'm all set.
That works
Sounds great. That's all I need for now.
Ok. That is all i need
Shazam! sounds good.
Perfect! Thank you for your help.
Wonderful thanks. That is all.
I would rather see Breakthrough.
Thank you
Teen Spirit is perfect.
Ok. Great. That's all for now.
That's good then, that's all I need
It is ideal for Captain Marvel.
That's great , and thanks a lot
Alright, that sounds fine. I don't need help with anything else.
Sure. That's all.
That will be suitable.
Little is perfect.
Thank you. Sounds good.
Ok, that will work. That's all I need.
Oh i think Pet Sematary may be a great movie to watch
That's great. Thanks.
That sounds perfect!
after is perfect
Oh yes! A Madea Family Funeral. I've been wanting to see this picture.
ok thats great, thank you very much.
That sounds good, that will be all.
OK it's good
I love to watch Pet Sematary.
I want to watch Ash Is Purest White?
That sounds great, The Curse of La Llorona it is!
I like that, thanks!
Sounds perfect. That will be all.
Great, thanks.
After sounds great.
Yes that is good information.
I'd love to see Hobbs and Shaw.
Thank you for your help. Have a nice day.
The Curse of La Llorona sounds great.
Okay, that's all the help I need.
Missing Link sounds perfect.
Red Joan is great!
Good looks. You've been a lot of help.
That sounds perfect for me.
Sure that sounds great
That works for me.
Okay, that works.
Great, that will be fine.
Okay, sounds good.
Sounds great, Im ready.
Ok, Shazam will be perfect! I can't wait to see it!
Captain Marvel is perfect.
That is fine.
I would love to see Captain Marvel!
Yes, I want to see that. Thanks.
OK. That is all.
That sounds good. That's all I need for now.
That's good. That's all I need for now.
That sounds good, that is all I needed.
This movie is fine, thanks
Okay, Dumbo sounds great.
That sounds great. That is all I need help with today.
That will okay for me.
That's great for me.
Thanks.
That sounds great.
Great!
That sounds right thank you.
That's perfect, that's all I needed.
Sounds good. I don't need anything else.
Sounds perfect.
That sounds like a plan.
Great. I'll take that.
That one sounds good.
The Curse of La Llorona is about perfect!
Sounds good to to me.
Ooh, Hellboy sounds good.
I've seen the trailer for Hellboy and it looks pretty sick. I want to see that.
The Curse of La Llorona sounds like a movie I'd enjoy.
That is great.
Oh, I'd love Pet Sematary.
OK, sounds good, thank you.
Okay, I'll try that one. That is all I needed.
After sounds like a good movie.
Oh, Teen Spirit is good!
Hustlers is perfect.
Perfect, that's all.
I would love to see Missing Link!
I like his movies! Thank you for the help.
Awesome, sounds great.
Give me The Curse of La Llorona please.
Hellboy sounds good to me.
I prefer Long Shot.
Thanks, that's all.
Okay, That sounds great.
Little sounds perfect.
Thanks, that's all I need
Sounds good, that's perfect. Thanks for helping.
Okay, that more along the lines of what I was looking for.
The Best of Enemies sound great.
Sounds really good.
Perfect. Thanks for your help.
Sounds perfect,that's what I needed now.
Red Joan is an excellent one.
Thanks a lot, that's all I need.
Oh great, thanks a lot. That's all.
Sounds good, that's all the information I need.
Let's go with that.
That sounds great, that's all I need for now.
Awesome, Thats what i need
JT LeRoy works for me.
Oh, I want to watch Captain Marvel.
Josie and the Pussycats would be perfect. I want to see it.
I'll see Shazam
That sounds fine. That does it for me.
Breakthrough sounds awesome.
Sounds great.
Shazam! sounds good, the trailer looked cool.
Little sounds like a good movie, I've seen the previews.
Good Boys sounds great!
Red Joan sounds good to me.
I like the sound of that. I don't need anything else.
Okay, that is all I needed help with at the moment.
That sounds good. That's all I need. Thank you.
Sounds good thank you, that's all I need.
Awesome. That's all I need.
Hotel Mumbai is perfect.
Yes IT2 please.
Body Double sounds good.
Wild Nights with Emily sounds good.
Okay, great, that's all I need for now.
Hellboy is a good movie.
That's a little late, but it sounds good. Thank you that will be all I need.
I want Captain Marvel.
Thanks, sounds good to me.
Yes, that works for me
How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World sounds good.
sounds cool.
Perfect! Sounds nice.
Ok, fine. That would be all.
I'll see Viva Las Vegas.
Sounds excellent. That is all I wanted?
That's perfect. That will be all?
That sounds good
Yes! I think Shazam! is just right.
Nice, I love fantasy.
Thank you that is all I need.
Okay, sounds good. That's all for now.
Alright, thanks for that, that will be all.
Great
I would like to see that showing.
Shazam! sounds like the perfect movie.
Alright, that sounds great!
Sounds good. That's all I need.
Great! That's all for now.
That's perfect. That will be all for now!
Good.
Looking nice.
Okay, I like this.That's all I needed.
Yes. Good
Okay, sounds fine. That's all I the help I need.
That's perfect, thanks
Okay.
Sure.
How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World sounds awesome!
That sounds fine. That's all I needed.
That's perfect. That'll be all.
Perfect! It is just something that I'm needing.
Thank you for your help.
Red Joan would be great.
Perfect, I've been meaning to see Hellboy.
Thanks, that's all I need.
Sounds good.
Oh great, I want to watch A Faithful Man!
Hellboy sounds good.
Yeah. I want to see Dumbo
How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World is perfect
That would be awesome.
Missing Link sounds awesome.
That sounds wonderful; that's all.
Great. It will do.
Okay sounds good, thank for that.
Yes, that is Okay, that's all, thanks.
I like Ash Is Purest White.
Breakthrough sounds perfect.
The movie Hotel Mumbai is good.
Ok that sounds good. that's all i need
That sounds good to me.
Sounds good. That's all I need. 
the good sounds
Sounds good. That is all I need thank you very much. 
Sounds good, that's what I needed.
Sounds good. That's what I needed.
Sound good. Thank you, that's all.
Yeah. Sounds good. Thank you
Sounds perfect. That's all I need.
I'd like to watch Captain Marvel.
That sounds great. That is all I need for now.
Perfect! I love Quentin Tarantino movies. Thanks for the help!
Great, i like that
Sounds good. That's all.
I choose Missing Link.
I want to watch How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World.
Yes, that is good.
Pet Sematary sounds good.
Missing Link sounds good.
That sounds nice. Thanks
Perfect, thanks.
Pet Sematary will be perfect!
Breakthrough, huh? That's very fitting.
Perfect. Thanks for your help. That will be all.
Shazam! sounds perfect.
The Best of Enemies sounds great.
Sounds great!
Little sounds like a good movie.
Dumbo sounds good.
Little would work well.
That will work for me.
That's perfect. Thanks for your help.
Thats perfect.
Shazam! would be great.
I like Missing Link.
Sounds good. That's all I need for now.
Ash Is Purest White is perfect.
Shazam sounds great!
OK, that's all the info I wanted. Thank you.
That would be great.
Great, that's all I need.
Yes, that'll work.
Sounds great thanks.
Perfect, I'll go with The Curse of La Llorona.
Breakthrough is great.
Yeah that will work thanks.
It is great. It is what I want.
IT2 sounds great.
That's perfect. Thanks.
Shazam! works just fine.
I would love to watch Hellboy.
Wild Nights with Emily is perfect!
Yes, I like that movie very much.
That' s all.
Good Boys sounds great.
That sounds fine.
Auntie Mame is perfect!
Yes, I like it and thanks for your help to search the same. That's all
I want to Watch How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World.
Sounds good, that's all I need.
Yeah that sounds nice. Thanks
Ok
sounds very good. That is all I will be needing
I think Breakthrough is perfect, good choice.
Dr. Strangelove sounds great.
Captain Marvel sounds good.
I want to watch Pet Sematary.
Suburban Birds will be good.
Ok, that will be cool.
Shazam! sounds great!
The Curse of La Llorona sounds awesome!
Perfect, that's all I needed
I would like to see Dumbo!
Pet Sematary is perfect.
Hotel Mumbai works for me.
That is perfect, thanks!
Sounds great. Thats all I need.
Thank you. That is all.
That sound perfect.
That sounds good. I will get tickets later.
How to Train your Dragon: The Hidden World will work. 
That's great! Thanks for your help!
Please choose 4 pm. That sounds good.
That sounds amazing!
Fighting with My family sounds great!
Yes, I want to go see Shazam!
Lets do Shazam.
Awesome, thats all I needed to know.
Knock Down The House sounds great to me.
Shazam is perfect.
I choose Little.
Sounds good. That is all I need.
That will work! That is all I need.
Sounds fine. That's everything I need.
That sounds amazing. I don't need any more hlep.
That's great.
Okay, yeah, that sounds alright.
I would like to see Family.
Gloria Bell sounds like it's right up my street.
That is good! Thank you.
Thanks for the information.
Little is perfect. I want to watch it.
Yeah that sounds good. Thanks, I don't need anything else
Ooh. I want to see Pet Sematary.
Fantastic.
Oh, It's perfect!
The movie Red Joan is a perfect movie
That is all I need, thank you.
That is all I needed.
Sounds great. That's everything.
ok thats all i need
Dumbo works for me.
Ash Is Purest White is good
Okay, sounds good. That's everything.
Dogman is great thanks.
I would like to watch Hellboy.
Ok that's great and sounds good to me.
OK, I think that is the right one. That's all I need today.
Shazam! is perfect.
That is ok.
Sounds like a plan. I'm good for now.
That's great, thanks.
That sounds good. Thanks.
Perfect, that's what I was looking for.
Sounds perfect. That's all thanks.
The Curse of La Llorona is perfect.
That is all, thanks.
Yeah, that's the one, awesome. That's all I need.
That sounds awesome, that's all I needed.
It is great. That is what I want.
That sounds great, thanks.
Sounds good.That is I need.
Red Joan sounds perfect for me.
Sounds like a plan, and thanks for your assistance!
That is perfect.
Sounds very good. That is all i want
I think Dumbo will be the best choice.
Breakthrough works
Sound good, thanks.
Sounds perfect. That's all.
High Life will be perfect.
Thanks! That's all I need!
That's a good one.
Breakthrough sounds like a winner to me!
Awesome. I don't need anything else.
Great! That's all I need.
Works for me!
ok perfect
That's perfect.
Ok, sounds good
It's cool. That is all i want.
Shazam is good one.I like to watch it with my friends.
Great.
great
Hellboy would be the perfect movie!
OK, sounds great, thanks, that is all.
Yeah, that sounds really good.
Ok thanks. That's it for now
Once Upon a Time In Hollywood sounds great.
Cool. Thanks, I don't need anything else
Perfect!
Thanks that will be all.
The Best of Enemies sounds good.
You've been very helpful. Thanks.
Sounds great to me.
Citizen Kane sounds good.
Yes, that works.
ok that's all i needed.
Jt Leroy is perfect.
That sounds great to me!
I'd like to see Little.
ok that sounds good . thats all i need.
Sounds good to me.
Great, thank you!
Fine, I appreciate the idea.
Perfect, I'm in the mood for Romance.
Sounds great for me
That's perfect. I don't need any more help.
That sounds like something I'd like.
Toy story four is perfect.
I want to see Pet Sematary!
Ok its great and its suits me
That all sounds good.
I prefer to go with Brittany Runs a Marathon.
That one sounds great.
Great, that all sounds good.
For how much? What's the address?
That is all correct, what is the address of the theater?
Can you tell me the name of the director of the movie?
Super, what genre is that movie considered? Can I get the address of the place?
Who acted in it?
What's the genre?
What about its ticket cost?
Who's in this movie?
can you tell me, Who is the director of that movie?
Yes. Which theatre is bes.
What genre is that, and who's in it?
Okay, how much do the tickets cost and can you provide me with the location of the theatre?
Okay..this is perfect...can i know the ticket cost?
Who acted in this movie and who is the director?
and what is the ticket cost?
What style movie is this?
Can you tell me who directed it and which actors are featured in the film?
I need an address.
Cool, I love fantasy. What's the address of the theater, and how much would a ticket cost?
What sort of movie is it?
That is perfect. please go ahead. What is the name of the theater that you have booked the show for me?
Yes, that's right. What kind of movie is it and how much is the ticket?
Yes please. What theater is good? And what would the address of that theater be?
Fine, what kind of movie is it? How much must I pay?
How much is the ticket cost? What kind of a movie is it?
Alright. What is the address and how much does the ticket cost?
What's the address? And how much does it cost?
What is the genre of the movie? Can you get me the address of the theater?
How much is it? And what's the address?
How much do tickets cost?
May I know who played in this movie?
What's their address and how much is the ticket?
Can you tell me the genre of the movie please.
Yes, all the information you have is correct. What theater would you suggest and how much will the tickets cost?
Where can I find the theater?
Yeah, that's perfect for me. What type of film is it, and where is the theater located?
Yes, how much is the ticket and what is the address of the theater?
Whis is the price of the ticket and where is it located at?
Who acted and directed the movie?
How much?
Could you please find out the theater address, as well as the ticket price?
Can you tell me the names of the Actors and Actresses that star in this movie?
What sort of movie is it and which theater is best?
Can you get me the address of the theater and ticket price please?
Yes thank you. How much is it and what kind of movie is it?
May I know the address of the theater and the kind of movie it is?
Who directed this movie?
Who directed Angry Birds 2? Is that a comedy or what?
What type of movie is this?
What genre is this movie? And where is the theatre's located
Can you please give me the address for the theater?
I haven't heard of it, are there any well-known actors in the movie?
I don't know, what genre is the movie classified as and can you tell me who directed it?
What is the genre?
How much per ticket?
That sounds good. What is the address of the theater?
Who directed it?
How much is it for a ticket?
What's the address of the theater? What sort of movie is it?
Where's the theater located?
Wait. How much are the tickets? Is this a Horror movie?
what is the ticket cost?
Where is the theater and how much is it?
Where's the theater at?
Quick question, what genre is this movie classified as?
Do you know what genre the movie is?
May I have the theater's address please?
How much is the ticket? What's the address of the theater?
Find me the details about ticket cost and the theater address.
How much will the ticket cost, and where is the theater located?
What genre?
What genre is the movie? What's the theater's address?
Can you give me the address to the theater?
Yes and please give me their address.
Who directed this movie? What's the genre?
I'm not familiar with it, can you tell me who stars in the movie?
Can you please tell me the ticket price?
What's the theater's address?
Where's the theater at and how much are tickets?
How much does it cost?
How much are the tickets going to cost, and what is the genre of the movie?
Awesome. What will a ticket cost me? Also, what's this movie about?
That is fine with me, may I have their address please?
Ok, What genre is this movie?
Maybe. Who's the director?
Yes, what is the address of the theater ans price of ticket?
How much does the ticket cost and what is the address of the theater?
Yes, what's the address? What's a good one?
Yeah, that's perfect for me. What is the ticket price?
Whats the ticket fare and address of the theatre?
It is good. What is the name of the theater and their address?
Where's the theater at? And how much is it?
You can tell me please the cost of ticket and what type of movie is?
Tell me about the cost of the ticket for that movie?
Who directed this movie and what genre is it?
Where is the theater located?
What is the location of the theater?
Okay, Thank you, Please tell me the ticket cost and Which theater do you prefer for me?
Who is the actor in the movie?
the answer is below
Who acted in the movie?
Please tell me who's starring in the film, as well as the genre.
Yes, that sounds good. How much will this cost? Can you get me the address of the theater?
What genre is it and how much are tickets?
What is the address of The Lot City Center?
Can you tell me which genre this movie is in and who stars in it?
Can you tell me the cost of the movie and what kind of movie is it?
Who directed the movie?
What's the address?
What type of movie is Captain Marvel? I just want to make sure it is the one I had in mind.
Okay, nice. What genre is Hellboy listed as?
Who directed this?
Who starred in the movie?
Do you know the price of the ticket? Where is that theater?
Where is it? What genre?
Who acted in this movie and what genre is it?
what is the cost of the tickets and what is the address
What is the theater's address and how much is a ticket?
How much is that?
Beautiful. Now, what address do you have for the theater?
Where is the theater? What is this movie about?
yes, it seems good for me. give me their address?
What is the cost for the ticket?
Yes, that is correct. What is the address of the cinema.
That is perfect. Please proceed and let me know the type of movie.
Who starred in it?
Let me know the cast and crew details of this movie to choose.
Yes, That is correct. Can you find me the address of the theater and the cost of the ticket?
Alright, how much is that ticket?
Do you know the theater's address as well as the ticket price?
Where is the theatre and how much is the ticket?
Yes, that's right. Which is the preferred theater?
What type of movie is it?
Yes, what is the address>
Who was in that?
Do you know the address of the theater?
Sure that will work for me . What is the address of the theater?
Can you tell me who directed it?
How much do the tickets cost?
Let me know the address of the theater along with ticket cost.
How much for a ticket?
That's kind of pricy. Alright, what's the address of the theater?
That's great! How much does the ticket cost?
Tell me the address of the theater and what kind of movie is it?
What genre is it?
Great, how do I get there?
Who is the director and who acted in the movie?
What genre of movie is it?
What is the name of the director of the movie and which genre?
What genre does this movie belong to and how much does the ticket cost?
Sounds great. What genre? Address of theater?
Yes that's perfect, what's the theater address so I can find it?
How much does it cost and what is the address of the theatre?
What is the genre of this movie. How much is the ticket?
What is the type?
What genre is it? How much does it cost?
What is the cost and type of movie.
What's the price of a ticket?
What is the address?
Yes, that's good. Is there a theater that you recommend? And what's the address for it?
I would like to know how much the ticket costs?
Can you tell me the names of the actors and the director of this movie?
Who are the actors of this movie, and who directed it?
Who is the director and actors?
Where is the theater? And what kind of movie is it?
I've never heard of her. What genre is the movie classified as and who directed it?
How much is a ticket?
What is their address and what is the price of a ticket?
Gosh, that's kind of late. How much is a ticket?
What is the genre of the film?
What kind of movie is it?
How much does a ticket cost?
How much were the tickets? What is the address of the movie theater?
How much are the tickets and what is the address?
What type of movie is it and what is the price of a ticket?
What genre is the flick?
What is the theater's address?
What genre is this movie and who are the cast?
And how much does it cost?
I have never seen that movie, what kind is it? What about the address?
Ok that sounds good. How much is the ticket costs? what is the address of the theater?
What is the ticket charge, where is it located?
Can I have the price of the ticket and the address to the theater?
What is the theater address?
What is the address of the theatre and how much are the tickets?
May I know who directed this movie please?
Who's in it?
Thanks. How much does the ticket cost? Also, what kind of movie is it again?
Yes, confirmed. What genre is Hustlers?
How much are the tickets?
How much was the ticket?
ok that sounds good. Which theater the movie is?
How much the ticket cost?
Who is the director? What kind of movie is it?
What's the address of the theatre and how much is the ticket?
How much does that cost? Where's the theater?
Can I have the correct location of the theatre? I mean, address..
Whats the address?
Can you also please tell me the price of the ticket?
How much is it?
Where's the theater?
What is the price?
What is the cost of the ticket? Where it is located?
What's the damage? And where is the theater?
Yes, that sounds good. What theatre is the movie at?
How much is the ticket? What is the genere?
I see, and who directed the movie?
That sounds great! Which theater will that be at?
What's the theater address, and what's the type of move?
How much is the ticket and what is the address?
Who played in that movie?
What is the ticket cost and what is the theater address?
get the address of that theater
Yes, that is right. What is the ticket price?
Fine, that works.
That is okay to proceed. Also I want to know the address and cost details.
What would you call that type of movie?
Can you find me the name of the actor and the genre of the movie?
That might be it - what genre is it?
How much does the ticket cost?
What type of movie is it? Where is the theater located?
Tell the genre of movie it is?
How much is the ticket? What is the address?
How much is it, and what's the address of the theater?
What is the street address?
Who is the director of the movie?
What is the genre of that movie?
Who played in this movie?
Can you tell me the address of the theater and the price of the ticket?
That sounds great! How much does this cost?
Let me know the type of this movie to decide.
How much is it gonna cost?
What type of movie is it? And what's the theater's address?
Which type movie is it?
What is the cost of the ticket?
How much is the ticket? And what's the address of the theater?
How much is the ticket and what genre is the movie?
What is the cost of the ticket and what is the address?
That is correct. Let me know the type of movie and location of the theater.
Where is that? How much does it cost?
Do you know the genre of movie and fare of ticket.
How much is the ticket for?
What's the genre of Hellboy?
That's right. What type of movie is it and how much does the ticket cost?
What is the ticket price?
What type of the movie and what is the ticket cost?
What kind of film is it? How much does it cost?
Can you tell me the genre of the movie?
What type of movie it is?
Perfect. Do you know the theater's address?
Where's that theater?
Ok , great. will you tell me the address of that theater?
Yes, that's perfect. What's the address of the theater?
What is the theater location?
No, I don't want to do it right now. That's all the info I wanted.
No, I don't need to now.
Not right now thanks, I don't think I need anything else.
I don't want to buy them just yet. I might be busy at that time.
Nope, I don't wanna purchase now.
Not right now, thank you.
No thank you, I do not require further help.
No, I don't want to purchase now.
No I will not purchase now
I think I'll hold off.
No, thanks. Let's wait on purchasing tickets.
No not now.
No, thank you. I don't want to buy right away.
No, i'm not interested in purchasing just yet.
No, not now
No, not at the moment. Thank you, that will be all.
No, Don't buy it now.
No, thank you for the information.
Nope, not right now.
No,not yet.
No, I'm not ready to buy right now. That was all I wanted.
No, I will do it later.
No. I just needed information about the movie.
No, I don't want to purchase them now.
No, I will buy the tickets later.
No, i don't want to buy it now.
No, I'll hold off that for now.
Not yet.
No, not now.
No, I do not want to purchase tickets right now?
No, I don't think so right now.
No. Hold on. Maybe later.
I think I am not ready to purchase tickets, so no.
Um, not now.
No, I don't want . Thanks a lot for you kind help.
No. I will buy the tickets later.
Not at the moment
Not at the present time.
No, not now. That's it.
No. I dont want to buy now.
No,not now.
No, I don't want now. That is all i need.
No, I will have to get the tickets later. I might have to do something with my brother that day.
No, I'm not ready.
No, I'm not looking to buy right now.
Nope, I don't need it right now.
No, I do not wish to reserve the tickets now.
No not now. I'm fine for now.
I don't want to buy them now.
no, please don't purchase it now.
No not right now. That is everything for now thanks.
No, don't buy them now.
No, not now, thanks.
Nah, I don't feel like buying right now. That's all.
Not at this time. Thanks.
No, I don't want to buy them right now.
No, I don't want to purchase them ahead of time. I don't need to. But thank you!
Not right now.
Not at the moment, no.
No, I don't need them.
No I don't want to purchase tickets right now. That is all that I need.
No, I do not intend to purchase the tickets now.
No, I'm not ready to get the tickets yet. You've helped me with what I need for now. Thanks so much.
Not now, no.
Not this second no
No, I don't want to get them right now.
No, I don't want to right now.
No, I want to buy tickets later.
No. I don't want to buy any tickets.
Not right now thanks.
No, I'm not going to buy right away.
No, not at the moment.
No, I will wait to confirm with my friend before purchasing tickets.
No, I don't want them now.
No, I'll purchase later. That is all.
No thanks, I will buy tickets later.
Not right this minute. Thanks
No, I will purchase later thank you.
No, I am just inquiring. I would not like to purchase the tickets now.
No, I do not want to buy them right now.
No not now. That is everything for now thanks.
Nah, I'm not going to get them yet.
No, not yet.
No, I am not going to purchase a ticket yet.
No, thanks , I don't want it now?
Not now, thanks
No, I don't want to purchase it right now.
Not just yet.
No, I don't want to but tickets right now.
No, not right now.
No, I am not ready to purchase the ticket now.
I'm not going to buy them right now.
No thanks, I don't want to buy them yet. I am not positive that I will be able to go that day. I don't need anything else.
No, I don't want to buy now.
No not right now
No, not at this very moment.
Not right now, thanks. I'm all set.
No thanks, I think I'll buy them later
No, not right now, but thank you.
No not now
Not right now thanks
No, I Don't want it now but later.
Not at this time.
No, that's okay, not right now.
No, not now. I'm going to do it in person.
I think we should wait to purchase them.
No thank you. That's all I wanted.
No,I dont want now.That is all I need now
No, that will be all. Thank you very much!
No, that would be all. Thanks.
No, that's all. Thank you very much!
No, that's all. Thanks anyways.
No, that's all for now. Thanks for your help.
Nope. but thanks for your help
No. Thanks a lot.
No, thats it. Thanks.
No that is everything thanks.
Umm, no. I need to figure this out. I'll let you know if I need anything further.
No it's ok for now, thanks though
No. Thanks for all your help.
No, that is all I need. Thank you for your kind assistance!
No. Thank you for the help.
Not now, thanks.
Nope, thanks.
No, that's it and thanks.
No. That will be all.
no, not for now.
No, that's good thanks
No, thank you very much for your help, That's all i need. bye
No, that is all. Thanks for the help.
No. I am good.
No, Thanks you for your help
Nope, that's a lot.
no , thanks for your help . not now.
No, that would be all. Thanks so much.
No, you've done enough thanks.
No, I appreciate your help.
Nothing for now. I am thankful.
No. I am all set. Thank You.
No thanks for the help
No thats it
I'm fine, thank you.
No that will be all.
No that is all I need.
No, thanks.
No, That's all
no, thanks for now.
No,Thank you very much
No, thanks for your help.
That would be all. Thank you!
Thanks for your help but I don't think I'll be needing anything else today.
No. Thank you.
No for now it's OK
Not right now, thanks.
Nope, thanks. Done.
No that's all for now. Thanks for your help. 
Nope! I'm good!
No, I'm good.
Nope, thanks a lot!
That's it, I found a movie I wanted.
No, that's all for now, thanks.
No that is all, Thanks.
No. Thanks for you help.
No. That is all. Thank you!
Not now. Thanks!
No thank you
No, thanks a lot for your help.
No. Thanks for trying.
No, that's all, thanks.
No that's all for now thanks.
Nope, thanks much.
Nothing else that will be all.
No. Thank you for your help.
Not at this time. Thank you for your assistance.
Nope, that will be all for now but thanks for asking.
No, that is all.
Nope, thanks so much!
No, thanks, It's all
No Thats all. Thanks a lot
Thank you but no. I'm good.
Nope. Thanks for your help.
No, thanks and that's all.
Actually, no, but thanks so much.
No, I think that's all I need. Thanks for your help.
That is all, once again thanks for the help.
No that's it.
Nothing I can think of and thank you again for your help.
Nope, thanks again.
No, thank you.
I don't think so, thank you.
No. I appreciate your help so far.
No, that's all.
Nothing for now and thanks.
No, not at the moment. Thanks a lot!
No, but thanks for helping.
No thanks, that was all!
No, I'm all set, thank you.
No that is all I needed. Thank you.
No, that is everything for today. Thank you for your time.
No that is all I needed for now.
I think this will do it. Thank you for your help.
No, that will be all for now, thank you.
Nope, thank you!
No, that's it. Thanks very much for your help.
No thanks, that's all for now.
No. Thank you for you help.
No thanks
No it's all good for now
No, that is okay. Thanks.
No. Thanks so much
No. thank you for your help.
No. Thanks anyways.
It's okay. Thank you and that's all.
Nothing. That's all.
No thank you.
No. That will be all. Thank you.
Nope. Nothing now
Nope! That's all the help I need.
No, but thank you!
Thank you that will be all.
No, that would be all.
No, that's all. Thank you for your help!
Not right now, you did it all!
Nope, thanks for the movie idea.
No. Thanks for your help.
No that is all i need.
That is all today.
No. That was all. Thank you.
No, that is all thank you.
No, that's all, thank you.
No. That'll be all.
No, that is all. Thanks.
No ,Thanks for your immense help
No, that's all I need.
No. You have already been helpful.
I'm good. Thanks for the help.
That's all, thank you.
No, that's all. Thanks.
No thank you a lot.
No, thank you!
Yes, that will be all for now.
No, It's all, thanks
No, thanks a lot
No, that will be all.
No, not right now. Thanks so much for your help.
No, thanks. That will be all for now!
No. Thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
No, thanks for helping me.
No thank you, that'll be all.
No. That will be all. Thank you!
No, thank you for your help.
Nope, I'm all set.
That's all. Thanks.
No, not right now. Thanks.
No, you were a great help, thank you!
No, thank you for your help!
No that's all thanks.
No. Thanks for your help!
Oh, darn. No, that will be all.
No, that's all I need. Thanks for your help!
No thanks, that's all.
No thanks.
No. That's all for today.
No. Thanks a lot
No not at the moment thank you though.
No, that is all I needed.
Nope. Thank you so much for your help.
No. Thanks for your help today.
Nope, that'll be all. Thanks again!
I've got all I want. Thanks a lot.
No, that will do it. Thank you for your help.
No. You've been very helpful.
No, that's it.
No, that's all I want for now.
No, thanks. That's all now.
No, that will be all, but thank you very much for your help.
Nope, you've been great, thanks for your help.
No, I guess that's all I need for now. Thanks mucho.
That's all. Thank you.
No, for now you've done what I need, thanks for that
No that's all, thank you for your help.
No, that will be all, thank you for your help.
No, thanks for your help, I'm good.
No, thanks. That's it for now.
No, thanks a lot!
No, thanks. 
Nope, not the hilarious nightmare movies. Please find something else.
Please find other movies.
Could you find some other movies, please?
Are there any other movie choices?
Do you suggest me another movie?
No, something else please.
Is there anything else showing?
What other movies are playing?
What about the other movies?
Not sure.. is there anything else?
No thanks, can you find some others.
Any other times.
No I'm not interested in those. Are any other movies playing?
Could you find some other movies?
What are the other options?
Can you still find some other movies?
Anything else available?
Are there any other showtimes?
Is there any other show time for that.
What other times are there?
Find something else, please.
Not really, can you recommend me something else?
No, is there anything else?
What are the others?
Are any other movies playing?
sorry, whether can you find any other movies?
What are my other choices?
Can you find anything else?
Any other films?
What other movies are there?
Find me something else please.
No, not those. Please find some other titles.
Can you find other movies?
Is the movie playing at some other time?
No , i am not interested. Any other movies?
No. What else is playing?
Is there anything else?
None of those sound good
Are there other movies playing?
Find something else.
Please search for even more movies.
That doesn't sound like something I would like. Is there anything else?
Okay. I would like to see some other choices.
Do you have any other suggestions?
Are there any other show times available?
Look for any other movies
Are there any other times available?
Anything else?
Let's hear the others.
What else do you propose to me?
Can you help me find some other movies?
please find some other movies.
What else is playing?
Find me something else.
Please search for other ones.
I think all are nice but I need to search for something else.
Check for other movies.
Anything else available to watch?
Are there any other movies option?
I would prefer other proposals
Are there any other movies?
Nah I've already seen those. Find me something else.
Is there another time?
No. please look for any other.
No, please look for something else.
No. Can I have some more?
I'd like to see something else.
Is there any other show times?
I'm not really into those, do you know any other good ones?
Does the movie play any other time?
Is the movie playing at another time?
Are there any other movies playing?
None of those sound good, what else is there?
Is there anything else/
Are there any other times?
Is there any other time the movie is playing?
Can you find something else?
Are there any other times it's playing?
Please find some other movies.
How about a different movie? What else have you got?
Please find something else.
Please find some more options.
Please find other options.
How about another time?
Is there any other time for the availability of that movie?
Any other times?
Do you have other proposals?
Not really, could help search for other movies?
Please search for other movies to see in downtown San Fran.
Please go with another option.
No, find some other movies.
What else do you have?
No. Any other options?
Those don't sound like my type of movies either, do you know of any others?
Is there any other movies?
Are there other times?

I'm not sure I would like any of those. What else is showing?
Try some different movies?
No, what other movies are there?
I'm not sure I can make the 1 pm showing. Is there another time the movie is showing?
Nah, none of those.
What else is there?
Yes. This sounds good.
That is correct.
Yes is perfect for me.
Yes I do.
Sounds perfect to me.
That is confirmed to proceed.
Yes that's all correct
Yes, that will be great.
Yeah that's good.
Yes that's correct
Yes, that's it.
You are one hundred percent correct.
Yes, that is all correct.
Yes, that is perfect.
Yes, perfect.
That's correct.
Right, that's great.
Perfect, thanks so much.
That's absolutely correct.
Yeah, that's right.
Yes, That sounds perfect.
Yes that's correct.
Yes, that sounds good.
That's a go.
Yes, that is exactly what I would like. Confirmed.
Yes that sounds fine.
Yes, that all sounds correct.
Yes, that's perfect.
Yes. That's sounds good.
Yep, that is correct.
Yes that's right
All are okay to proceed.
Yes, That sounds nice to me.
That is cool
Yes, everything you have have is correct.
Yes, that would be fine.
Yes, that will be perfect.
You got it.
Ok that sounds good to me.
Yes, that is correct.
Yes, confirmed.
It is good.
Excellent, thanks for that.
That's right, good deal.
I really do thank you for your help.
Wow, great. Thank you.
I appreciate your help, thank you.
Thanks for helping me.
Thanks for all your help. That's all I needed for now.
Thanks for helping, I appreciate it.
Thanks and that's all.
Thank you.
Thank you for your help, that is all I need.
I really thank you for your help.
Thanks for your immense help
Thanks for the help and that is everything I need.
Thanks for everything.
Great, thanks for the help?
Ok thanks a lot.
Thanks. That's all for now.
Thank you for the assistance. That's all I need for now.
Great. Thanks for the assistance.
Okay. Thank you so much!
I see, that is all I need. Thank you!
Thanks, I am good now.
Thanks a bunch for your assistance.
Thanks for helping.
Awesome, thank you for your help.
ok. thanks a lot for your help. thats all i need.
Thanks for your help, that's it for now.
Okay, thank you for your great help
Thank you very much for the assistance. That's all I need for now.
Thank you for your assistance.
Thank you for you help, that's all I need now.
Thank you very much
I don't need anything else. Thank you so much.
Thanks for all the assistance.
That will be all for now. Thank you!
Thanks for everything! That is all I need.
Thanks very much for your help. That's all I needed help with.
Thanks that's a real load off.
Thank you very much. You've been very helpful.
Great, thank you.
Your help has been invaluable.
Thanks for your help.
Sure, that is all I need. Thank you!
Thank you for your assistance; that's all.
Thank you very much for your help. That is what I want.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you!
Thank you so much!
Thank you. That's all I need for now.
Great, you've been an amazing help, thank you.
Thanks so much for booking those tickets and helping me
Thanks so much for your work.
Thanks for doing that
Great! You helped me a lot! Bye!
Thanks for that.
Thank you for your time.
Thank you.That is all for now.
I see, that is all I need. Thank you so much!
Thanks so much!
OK, thanks so much, that's all for now then
Yes, I would like three tickets.
Yes, I want the same and please book 2 tickets on the 4th for a 3D show.
yes, Please buy the ticket and i need to watch in on tuesday next week.
Yes, let's buy the tickets.
Yes, let's go ahead and purchase them now before they sell out.
Yeah, I'd like to purchase three tickets right now.
Yes, I would like a regular show on the 3rd of this month for a 10:15 pm showing.
Yes, get me one ticket for next Tuesday
Yes, I would like to buy them now.
Yes, I would like to buy tickets.
Yes can I get them now? book for the 3rd of this month at night 10:30.
Yes. Please book for Saturday this week.
Yes, let's get the tickets now.
The 9th of this month and I would like a regular show.
I want to watch a movie in Larkspur. I want to watch some Horror movies.
Can you search in Brentwood.
Sure. Search any kind of movies in Fairfield.
Search for movies at Menlo Park.
Can you check for a regular showing of a horror movie in Redwood City.
I'm currently looking at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. I want to watch a movie on a big imax screen. Can you find some good movies in the San Francisco area?
I want to find a Suspense movie to watch in Moraga.
Red Joan sounds great. What time is it playing on March 9th?
I'm in San Jose. Can you look around there?
Can you search for movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I would like to watch Good Boys.
I would like to find a movie to watch in Sonoma.
I'd like to watch it on Tuesday next week.
I wish to see a 3d show.
I would like to see an imax show tomorrow and I would like two tickets.
It's suppose to be raining all day so I'm cooped up in the house and bored. Can you help find me a movie to watch, preferably one that is classified as a Comic and directed by Nitesh Tiwari?
Anything else you can find in particular Ghost genre directed by Michael Chaves.
I don't like those options. Show me imax shows.
I want a 3D showing, on March 2nd, at the Vogue Theatre.
I would like to watch a imax show on the 2nd of this month.
I'd like to see it on the 1st of this month.
I prefer to see it on 16th of this Month
I want to see it tomorrow.
Alameda is a good half way point between my brother and I , let's search there.
Fiddler is the right one. I want to buy movie tickets for 1 ticket.
Tomorrow would be great, thanks. 
Search for me movies shown in Napa.I would like to watch at Century Napa Valley and XD.
Tomorrow at Century Cinema
I wish to see The Lord of the Rings at evening 6.
I want it at 10 o"clock in the night on the 2nd of March.
I'd like to discover a film to watch. Can you search for San Bruno shown films.
What time later today is Pet Sematary playing?
Yup, Little would be perfect. What time is the show? Do they have 3d shows? Will tickets be available to watch at CineLux Almaden?
Brentwood, please. I'd like to watch an Adventure movie at AMC Brentwood.
I wanna watch at the Century Cinemas
I'd like four tickets to the regular show t half past 9 in the night.
I'm in Redwood City. Are there any Adventure movies playing at Century Redwood City?
Can you tell me which movies are playing at Lark Theater, please. I'd like to find a good one to watch.
Three tickets will be great.
I want to watch a movie, can you search for movies shown in San Jose.
Look for movies in Union City.
I want to watch a suspense movie directed by Josephine Decker.
On the 2nd of this month, I want to watch a 3d movie. Can you tell me what 3d movies are playing near me?
I wanted to go to the movies next Thursday.
I want to watch a Scary movie in imax.
This would be Tuesday next week.
I'd like four tickets.
Do you mean the adventurous movies? Nope, Please find something else for I like all kinds if its good to watch.
I like Life history movies and want to find a movie to watch. I would like to watch Century at Hayward.
find any movies which is shown in Daly City?
Can you tell me what movies are playing at Century Cinemas?
What other movies are there? I want something with Conleth Hill in it.
We would like to see Little. Is there any times available for Tuesday next week?
I'd like to see the movie in Union City, and I'd like it to be a Thriller movie.
The March 2nd show I think will be the best option.
Aftermath sounds great! What are the showtimes for IMAX showings?
Will you search for movies shown in Santa Rosa.
I like to watch it on 9th of this month.
I am more in to adventure movies. Could you look for some different movies. Also, I would like to watch at THE LOT City Center.
Please look for movies showing in Campbell.
Please find movies shown in Redwood CIty on the 2nd, I want a regular show.
Can you search around Sebastopol?
March 1st, please.
Can you please list other movies? I'd prefer a regular show.
Ok Red Joan is perfect. Please tell the time to watch it. I prefer the date is on the 5th
I want to watch the movie on 9th of this month, can you tell me the timing?
March 2nd is perfect for me.
Hello, could you help me find a movie currently showing in Oakland?
Wait, no. Can I actually do 3d.
I would like to watch it at night 9:45.
I want to see it this Saturday.
Please find some other movies, I need to watch movies at CineLux Tennant Station. Will you find movies which are shown in Morgan Hill?
I would like hear about movies being played in Brentwood.
It will be perfect for me to watch on next Friday.
I'd like to find a movie to watch. I like all movies.
Can you find a movie. I'm interested in a movie by the director Quentin Tarantino.
I like Comedy movies, can you please help me find one?
Can you find me a Romance movie to watch?
Find me movies in Morgan Hill.
Yes, thanks for asking. I would like to visit at 6:45 in the evening.
Find movies in the Santa Rosa area please.
I'm waiting to see it on 2nd of March .
Only 1 ticket.
Can you search for movies in Santa Rosa.
No, not right now. I want to watch it on Tuesday next week, at Livermore Cinema.
Can you find me a movie? One that stars Michael Cumpsty.
The Curse of La Llorona works good for me. What time is it showing? I'd like to go on the 9th.
whether any other time is available and i need to watch a imax show and need to watch at Embarcadero Center Cinema.
On the 2nd.
I need 2 tickets for the movie on Tuesday next week at 11 o"clock in the night.
I'm looking for a Comedy to watch in a theatre today, can you help me pick one?
Yes, I need to clarify, at what time, I can watch this movie on 2nd of this month.
I want to know what movies are showing in Emeryville. I am particularly interested in movies of the Thriller genre.
47 Meters DOwn: Uncaged sounds great. Can you book me 1 movie ticket for the regular show at two in the afternoon.
An IMAX show will be great!
On march 7th.
I'm looking for some 3d movie tickets in San Jose.
Good Boys is excellent. I'd lik to buy four movie tickets for 9:15 pm.
Nah, those aren't what I'm looking for. What imax shows are out?
I'm looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
Do you know screening times for this movie for Saturday this week.
I want to book three tickets for regular show.
I like crime movies. Can you search for movies shown in San Francisco?
I want tickets for March 7th.
I'd like to watch a movie at THE LOT City Center.
What are the showtimes for the 1st of March?
Hustlers will be perfect for four people at 22:15.
I want to find some other movies and I think Supernatural movies will be perfect for me and search for the one showing at AMC Saratoga.
Can you find me a movie to watch in Berkeley?
I live in Walnut Creek.
Breakthrough sound great! I'd like to watch it on the 2nd. What time is it playing?
Can you help me find movies in El Cerrito?
Let's look for movies in Oakland.
I like Documentary movies. could you try again?
Regular show is okay for me.
It's not necessary to buy now. What time on March 1st can I watch it?
I am interested in watching the movie on Monday next week.
Regular, please.
What time is After playing later today?
Anything else? I like films directed by Steven Spielberg in the Imaginative fiction genre.
What are some movies playing in Emeryville right now?
March 2nd, please.
I want to watch it on the 1st of this month. Are there any good showtimes at AMC Saratoga?
Shazam! sounds good! What times are available on the 4th of March?
I would like to find the movie at AMC Mercado
I don't like those. Show me movies in Pleasant Hill.
Oh yeah, what time is the movie? I'd like to watch it on the 8th?
How about tomorrow.
I want to watch Hustlers in Livermore at ten in the night.
I would like to choose a movie to watch. Can you help me find a movie in the Comic genre with James Corden in it?
I'm located in Oakland.
Is it possible to check for movies shown in Albany? I need to watch a regular show.
I would like to go to a theater in Mill Valley. I only need one ticket.
i want to watch a movie, maybe a thriller directed by Riley Stearns.
could you please find me something else, like a scary movie at Century Union Landing?
Does SF have any movies showing?
Make it San Bruno
I would like to go on the 10th at 11:30 in the night.
Wednesday next week.
I'm in San Francisco. What's available?
In Oakland please
I would like to watch it on the 2nd.
I want to watch Captain Marvel. What time do they have available
Buy 1 ticket for the show time night 10.
Curse of La Llorona sounds great. Is it playing on 6th of March?
I would like to see a movie in San Ramon.
Any other movies available?
No I want something else. What's playing in San Bruno. I don't care which theater.
Can you search Larkspur for Drama movies?
The 9th is the date I am looking to watch it.
Can you find me a movie to watch at CineLux Tennant Station
Can you search for movies shown in Walnut Creek? I'd like to watch a regular show.
Let's try the day after tomorrow.
No, not right now. What times is it playing on March 2nd?
No, I'm sorry. I need to make that 2 tickets for March 9th.
Just one ticket.
Can you find some other movies? Find something at the Balboa Theatre in SFO.
No.I'll buy tickets later. Can you find a 3d show?
Show me movies in Santa Clara. I would prefer a regular show.
Can you find a funny movie for me at AMC Brentwood?
Search for movies in San Jose area
I want to watch a movie in SF
How about on the 1st.
I'd like to view the film on the 2nd of this month.
No. I would like to watch it on the 7th, and nothing fancy a regular show please.
March 5th.
The Best of Enemies sounds good to watch, can you tell me 3d showtimes for Saturday this week?
What time does Hotel Mumbai play at AMC Mercado IMAX?
I want to watch it at AMC Mercado, on the 4th of this month.
On Saturday this week.
A theater in Berkeley would be most convenient.
I'd like to watch a movie directed by Alex Kendrick.
Can you find me a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield?
Are there any other movies? I want to watch something in 3d.
No, I don't want to purchase tickets now. But can you tell me when I can see it? I want to see it in 3d next Tuesday.
I want 1 ticket to a regular movie on Friday next week.
Around SFO would be good.
I'd like to find a showing of Brittany Runs a Marathon in San Francisco.
I'm in San Jose, please find me a movie to watch around here.
Let's get three tickets.
I want you to have a search for movies which are shown in walnut creek
What time is it playing on 3rd of March.
No, I want Stage Door.
A fun movie is on the agenda for our upcoming family night out. It's kind of a big deal because we're still celebrating graduation, and we want to see a movie that's 3d, lighthearted and rated for all ages. What's your take on a movie recommendation, please?
I wanna watch it on 1st of this month.
Can you help me find a Comic movie?
March 2nd would be perfect.
Is there anything else, any type of movie will do.
I want to watch the regular showing of Ad Astra tonight. I want to watch the showing at night 9 pm-ish
Find movies in SF.
Search for movies in San Jose
Anything else? I want something directed by Robin Bissell and starring Sam Rockwell.
The 5th of this month would be perfect.
I wish to see a move at AMC NewPark.
Missing Link is perfect. What time would I be able to watch it? I would like to watch it on the 8th of this month.
I'm interested in getting 2 movie tickets please, something for a regular show.
I am available on the 3rd.
Just regular please.
Can you try March 1st at CineLux Tennant Station?
I was thinking about going to the cinema, I need three tickets.
Life is very enthuastic and energitic , i need to enjoy it almost every moment in my life. Will you find a movie to watch? Any type of movies is opt for me.
I want to watch a movie, preferably something by Jenny Gage. The romance genre would also work.
I want to watch a Comic movie with Gordon Tanner.
I would like to see a movie in Santa Rosa.
Can you search a movie shown in Palo Alto? I want to watch a movie.
A friend and I want to see an imax show at CineLux Tennant Station. What movies are out?
I think we should do Suburban Birds. I think I want something regular on the 17th. Do you have any times?
Not right now? I just want to know showtimes on March 2nd.
I would like to watch a regular show at the Century at Tanforan. Could you make the search for movies in San Bruno?
No not right now, can I have the show times and can you look for the movie in 3d?
I'm specifically looking for movies in Fremont. 
I need to watch a Imax Show. Make it accordingly.
I want to watch at Century San Francisco Centre the movie Missing Link .At what time can it be?
Can you help me find movies showing in Newark?
The 2nd of March would be great and if you could book a regular show that would be even better!
Look for movies in Morgan Hill
What times do they have available for me to watch it? I want to watch it This Saturday. I want to watch a Imax Show. 
A regular show is just fine. The movie is Good Boys and the date is the 5th of this month.
How about something from Tom McCarthy or something starring Jacqueline Brogan?
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Livermore Cinema.
No, not right now. What time does it play? I also want to watch Regal Jack London next Friday.
How about Friday next week at Livermore Cinema?
Please look for movies in SFO.
I need to watch at half past 11 in the morning. i want to watch a regular show.
In San Leandro. I'd like to watch the 3d show.
I was hoping to see IT2. A regular show would be fine.
What movies are showing in San Jose? I really want to go see a movie.
Shazam! is perfect.I want to watch it on Friday next week . What time can I watch it?
Find me shows for the 8th in Campbell.
I would like to see it today?
Can you find some other movies, I like all kinds.
I want to watch on March 2nd
Yes. Search in San Bruno.
Please search for movies in Emeryville.
On the 2nd of this month. Does it come in imax?
I need just one ticket, and a showing at 21:15 would be perfect.
Please look in San Ramon,
How about a search in San Ramon. Any kind of movie is fine, just as long as it's fun.
I would like to go to an Imax movie, can you find me a Comedy to watch?
I want to see it 1st of March, in imax, at Raven Film center.
I will purchase a ticket later what time will be good so I can watch a imax show
i am interested to watch a regular show
I am available to watch on 7th of this month
Santa Rosa. Any good movies around here?
Yes, please find me some other movies. I want to see something at CineLux Almaden.
I would like to know what time it's playing at the West Wind Capitol Drive-in?
I wanna go to the cinema. I don't mind the theatre.
On the 15th.
In Vacaville please
No, not at this moment? At what time is it screening? I'd like to go on the 1st of this month.
I will probably be going on the 2nd.
I want IT two. I need 4 for the Brentwood theatre.
Yes. I'd like to see This Is Not Berlin.
On the 3rd of this month.
Can you help me search for movies that are playing in Emeryville?
Hi, I would like to search for movies currently shown at Albany Twin.
I think I would like to see it on March 9th.
I like to watch a movie. will you find me a movie which has sterling K. Brown as a actor and it should be directed by Thurop Van Orman
Book it on the 7th.
I am thinking the 2nd of March would be a good day.
A regular show would be ok.
How about the 7th of March
I want to find a movie in Campbell.
I'd like to see the film at 11 in the night.
I want to see Captain Marvel.  Are tickets available on the 3rd?  I'd rather see it in 3d.
Cool, but find some other ones too please. I love Adventure movies.
I think an imax showing would be cool. And I want to see it at the evening 7:45. Also can you look for shows on the 1st in San Ramon?
Would you please try purchasing the tickets again but for 1 ticket to the quarter past 4 in the evening movie later today?
I want to watch it on 2nd of March.
I want to watch it today
I want to find a movie to watch at Edwards Fairfield.
Pet Sematary is so good. What time can I watch it? My preferred date is March 8th.
Hotel Mumbai! Yes! Will there be a showing at Century Union Landing?
I'm in Oakland right now.
Hey, I'm looking for a movie to watch in Oakland. Is there anything available?
I also like drama movies. Can you find a movie in Sebastopol?
Can you search movies in San Ramon.
Please find a movie in San Francisco.
Can you give me more movie recommendations, I want to see an IMAX show and I do like seeing comic movies.
Lets watch it on the 2nd of this month and right now I will watch a regular T.V. show.
I'd like to see it on March 2nd, and I want it to be a 3d show.
Search for movies in the San Francisco Area, specifically at the Balboa Theatre.
I want to see it on the 5th of March.
I want today.
What time can I watch an imax show?
Search for 3d movies in San Jose.
I saw that already. I would rather see a family genre directed by Herbert Ross.
Hi, could you get me a regular Imaginative fiction movie in Hayward please?
I would like 3 tickets for Hustlers at quarter past 7 in the evening.
Look up for 1st of March please.
I want to go to the movies. Find me a drama
Find me a movie directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Can you find movies in Martinez?
Preferably, the 1st of this month.
I am looking for a regular movie to watch.
Do you know which movies are showing in Morgan Hill?
Can you find some other choices? I prefer an adventure movie at Century Union Landing.
I want to watch in a imax show at 9:30 in the night.
I need 2 tickets for the 2:30 pm show on March 10th.
I'd like to see it on March 5th.
I like Horror movies and would also like to see a movie in Concord. Can you search for one there?
What time is the movie showing at AMC Mercado?
On the 1st of March.
Please find some other movies at Airport Stadium Cinemas.
I would like the 16th of March, in San Francisco at seven pm.
CineLux Delta Cinema Saver is the closest theater I think. I want to see it on March 2nd.
I want to watch a movie in San Francisco.
I would like to see it March 9th.
I just want one ticket to a regular show on 4th of March.
I would like to watch it on Sunday this week.
Can you find me a movie directed by Harry Elfont?
Hi i need a help, me and my friends are looking for movie to watch, we all are interested to watch patric knowles movies, could you find me his movies?
Please check the 9th of this month.
I'm in Berkeley. Any good movies here?
What else do you have? I like funny movies.
Something in Adventure at Morgan Hill, a regular show.
I wish to see it on March 4th.
I want to watch a movie but am having a hard time finding anything good in all these titles. Can you find me something that stars Jeff Harding?
I'm looking for two movie tickets for Good Boys.
I would like to buy tickets for the movie Ad Astra and want to see it on 10th of this month at 22:00. I need 3 tickets.
Have anything else with Huang Lu?
Is there another time? I want to see it on the 5th of this month.
I want to watch it this Saturday.
Yes, okay,but I need to find some other movies especially the one directed by Jovanka Vuckovic. Do you have something like this in your options?
I want to watch in San Ramon
Please look for other films. I would like to watch at The Lot City Center.
I am interested in going for a movie in mountain view. Can you help in this?
Can you do a search for me? I'm looking for 3d movies in San Jose.
Look for movies in San Jose.
We'll be ready to watch it on the 1st of March.
I like the sound of The Curse of La Llorona. What time can I watch it if I want to see a regular show at Century Downtown?
I want to go to the movies. Is there something in theaters in Newark?
I want one ticket for Saturday this week.
I want to watch it on 6th of this month.
I want to watch the imax on the 9th to watch The Lord of the Rings three.
I want to watch a Suspense movie at Century Cinemas.
Find me movies staring Alan Arkin
I want the see the 3d version on the 1st of this month. Is it showing then?
Next Tuesday is when i want to see it.
Can you get me one ticket to the movie Hobbs and Shaw in San Leandro?
I'd like to go on the 1st.
On the 3rd.
Can you please help me find a 3d family movie shown in San Jose.
Can you search for other ones? Something at CineLux Almaden.
I'm looking for a comedy to watch in San Jose at the AMC Saratoga. What movies are available?
the 1st please.
I want to watch 3d show, pls find other movies
Could you please search for some other movies? I wish to see a Fantasy movie at imax show.
On the March 3rd please.
I would like to watch a regular show. Please search in San Jose.
I'd like to watch a regular show.
I'd like to see an imax show actually.
Would you look in San Jose for some movies to see?
I prefer movies shown in Santa Rosa.
Our date is gonna be at night so maybe at quarter to 7 in the evening?
I'm looking for a movie to see preferably in Livermore.
I'm after an Imax film at Century Blackhawk Plaza in Danville can you tell me whats on?
Four tickets for later today please.
Shazam sounds good, what times are there for Monday next week?
I want to go the 1st of this month.
No. That's ok. I'm interested in the time for a regular show.
I would like to watch it on the 3rd.
I am not interested in those, are there any Adventure movies?
I want to watch a a imax movie. I love the Ghost movies.
I need to watch it on 1st of March at night 10:15.
Find movies in San Francisco area?
I need 3 tickets to see it on the 8th of this month for the evening 6:15 show.
I prefer Ad Astra and need four tickets
I want to watch is on March 4th. I want to watch at Boulevard Cinema
What times could I watch it? Are there any imax shows?
Can you search for movies in San Jose.
1st of this month
Hobbs and Shaw is Perfect and i like to buy movie tickets. I need to watch it a regular show and the day is on this saturday.
I want to watch it in Dublin.
Not really - can you find some others? I'd like to go to the New Parkway Theater, a regular show, nothing 3D, they make me queasy.
A regular show is fine. I need one ticket for 7:45 pm.
I want to watch a movie at AMC Bay Street
Can you show me movies shown in Morgan Hill.
Anything else, preferably something with Eugene Dynarski?
What movies are being shown in Healdsburg?
Can you find some other movies? I like the War genre.
I'm in San Francisco. Try searching for movies shown there.
Can you find me an IMAX showing of a comedy movie?
On March 4th.
I want to go out to watch a movie, can you find me some good shows in Pleasant Hill?
Can you find a regular show at around 2:30 in the afternoon?
I'll be in Brentwood. Could you look for movies there?
Yes, I'd like to go at 22:30 if possible.
I would like to watch the movie Friday next week.
I want to find movies in Palo Alto.
My friends came to my house and i am in joyful mood .will you find any adventure movies to watch along with my friends?
Look around for some other movie options, such as a Dramatic story.
Can you find me a nice movie directed by James Gray to watch?
Can you search for moveis shown SFO. I want to watch at Roxie Theater. Please find some other movies.
I need to watch the show at 9:30 pm.
I want to watch the movie in Santa Rosa. Can you check there?
I need the movies being shown in Brentwood.
Body Double sounds good. What time is it showing on the 15th of March at the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema
Find me a good flick in SFO.
I want to watch the movie on the 8th at AMC Bay Street.
I am in mood of watching a Drama movie, so I want to find one.
Please find some other movies in San Ramon. Any theatre is fine.
I am looking for a movie in Santa Rosa.
Can you see what else there is? I'm in the mood for adventure films. Can you look at Boulevard Cinema?
In Santa Clara and would like to watch a regular show.
No, can you find an imax show in Concord?
I wish to see the movie which is directed by David Leitch and acted by Lori Pelenise Tuisano.
See if you can find some other movies in San Rafael please.
I enjoy documentary movies. Are you able to look for movies showing in Morgan Hill?
What are the schedules for the movie on the 2nd of March?
I'm looking for a 3d movie in Brentwood.
I would like two tickets.
I have some leisure time so that i could watch a movie. Will you find me a movie directed by Kirill Mikhanovsky and find something like Comedy-drama genre?
Can you find me a movie? I'm in the mood for action
Could you search for movies playing in Union City. Preferably at Century Union Landing.
I would like to catch the movie on 8th of March. Can you find me the screen times for this show on that date?
Check what's playing in Union City please.
Yeah, I heard of that one! I want to see Shazam then. What showtimes are there today? Actually I'm free on the 2nd.
I want to watch a 3d showing of it on the 5th of March.
Look in Santa Rosa.
Just 1 ticket please.
What are the show times at AMC Brentwood?
Okay, let's try something else. How about a movie directed by Gene Stupnitsky instead?
I would like to see it at an imax show on March 4th.
Please search for movies in downtown San Fran.
I am in Alameda.
I am in Daly City - can you find Adventure movies for us?
I just want to relax tonight and watch a movie. Anything directed by Tina Gordon would be good.
I like Biographical movies, can you search for movies shown in Vallejo? I want to watch a 3d show.
Missing Link is great! What time I see it? I want to see it on the 1st of March at Contra Costa.
I would like to see this movie on the 2nd.
Can you search for movies at Stanford Theatre around Palo Alto?
Please find me a non-fiction movie at the Roxie Theater.
I wanna watch it on the 1st.
Can you start your search by looking for Eccentric Story movies in the San Fran area?
i need 3 tickets.
Find me a regular movie to watch.
I need to find a movie, any type works
I'd like to see it on the 2nd.
I'm in Union City, can you suggest any movies there?
I want to see it on the 7th.
Please try again. I wish to see a imax show at 6:15 in the evening.
Shine a light sounds perfect. When is it screening? Any show type is OK.
Can you please look for some other movies, I'd like to see an imax show.
I prefer Union City.
I need two tickets for the movie at half past 9 in the night.
Reserve 2 tickets for the movie at 21:45 for next Thursday.
I want to see it Friday next week.
Can you search regular show movies shown in Santa Clara
Can you look for movies showing in Healdsburg?
No, I don't want to buy the ticket right now. Can you find me the timing of the movie on March 1st at Cinemark?
Look for movies in San Fran.
I want to watch a regular showing on the 5th.
I think After the Wedding would be perfect. Can you get me three tickets for the 4:30 pm show on March 10th?
Hey I need help finding a movie please, I like movies by Satoshi Kon.
The 1st of this month. Look for the 3d version.
No, are there any adventure movies showing in 3d?
I would love to see Dumbo! Can I see it this Saturday?
Can you find movies playing in Martinez.
search for movies shown in SFO
At 22:15 will be okay.
Look in San Ramon.
Can you help me find Biographical movies to watch? It's been a while since I've seen one in the theatre.
I would like to go to Vine Cinema in Livermore.
I want to see it on March 1st.
Next Tuesday please.
Show me movies for Mountain View.
I'd like to find a movie to watch at Century San Francisco Centre.
No, I don't want to buy tickets now. What times are the movies playing? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I want to see the a regular show in Milpitas.
I want to catch a night showing, maybe around quarter to 7 in the evening?
I prefer the 1st of March.
I want to go out to watch a movie in San Francisco, can you search for options?
March 1st.
No, not at the moment. What are the available times for March 1st?
Actually, Breakthrough sounds great. I want to see it on the 3rd so what times is it playing then?
I would like to watch it on the 1st of March.
I want to go on the 1st.
I'd like to see a Fantasy movie, what is playing at Contra Costa in Martinez?
I would like to watch Hustlers.
On the 5th at Albany Twin will be good.
Can you find me a 3d show at the Guild Theatre at Menlo Park?
Please look for a movie in Emeryville.
I want another movie. Any theater in Moraga is fine.
No, please search movies shown in Palo Alto at evening 7:15.
Definitely on March 5th. Is it available
Let's make that a regular showing at 22:45.
I want to see Hustlers in Brentwood at 7:30 pm.
Monday next week would be superb. I'd prefer to see it at Century Vallejo
I'd like to see High Life. I'd like to see a 3d show. What time could I see it?
I want to see it Tuesday next week
Breakthrough sounds great. What time is it available to watch? I am interested in a regular show.
Not right now. When is it showing at Vine Cinema?
Can you find me a regular screening of a Supernatural genre movie at AMC NewPark
Could you find some other movies? I prefer Adventure movies.
Can you tell me what's on in San Francisco.
Could you help find movies of the Adventure genre?
Give me some more choices please Check the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex for an imax show.
Find something else. Can you show what is on in Union City?
My friend and I are looking for a movie to go to. What movies are showing in San Rafael?
Any other showtimes? I'd prefer watching it in 3d at Regal Crow Canyon.
I would like to go in the evening 4:45.
Can you search for movies shown in SF.
Find some more options, please. I want to see 3rd Street Cinema.
Can you find some other movies at AMC NewPark.
Can you find all movies in Pleasant Hill?
What movies are showing in Fremont?
How about Thursday next week.
I want to find movies in Sonoma.
I feel good right now and would like to watch a movie. Can you search for movies shown in San Bruno?
On the 3rd of March.
I need 2 tickets.
the Century Redwood city the March 1st
Keep going. I'm flexible.
Just one please
I am looking for movies in San Ramon.
I would like to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
I'm not interested in any of those, can search some more. And I want to watch the movie in imax.
I'd like to see an imax show at Century at Pacific Commons. I want to watch it.
I need to watch 47 Meters Down
I want to spend my free time by watching a nice Movie like the one with Dramatic Story. Can you find something for me and I want to watch it at Century 20 Oakridge and XD.
I would like to go to a movie in San Ramon. Can you tell me what movies are playing?
What time is the movie playing at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
I want to see Hackers on the 7th of this month. What time does it play?
In 9th of this month it will be great for me.
Not right now. What time can I see the show? I want to watch a regular show.
Can you help me search for a Horror movie to watch?
I want to go out in Petaluma, can you see what movies there are?
No, I don't need tickets right away. What time is their imax showing?
Can you find some other movies? I want to watch one at an imax show in the AMC Metreon nearby.
I am looking for a movie to watch. Can you find movies that are showing in Morgan Hill?
How long can I watch it? Every theater is okay.
Shazam! sounds great. What time is it showing on the 8th of March?
I want to watch it at 8:30 pm and please buy 2 tickets.
I would prefer to see it around 10:30 in the night.
I'd like to watch it on the day after tomorrow.
Can you search in San Jose?
I want to watch it on March 7th.
I'd like to watch it on 7th of this month. I need two tickets.
Can you find a drama film for me?
I would like to see a Fantasy movie.
I would like to watch a Biographical movie near Morgan Hill.
I prefer tomorrow at Century Union Landing. Whatever type of show is absolutely fine.
Yeah, Knock Down The House sounds good. When does this movie start? I want to go see it on the 8th of March.
Please find something else. I'm interested in drama movies. Are there any regular showings available?
On the 5th please.
I want three tickets
I want 2 tickets at 11 in the night.
I'mm interested in seeing an imax movie in Petaluma.
I really want to watch a Fantasy movie. Is there anything available?
Whoops, let's make that next Friday instead. And I think I want to go in Santa Clara.
Please find movies in Hayward.
I like to watch The Lord of the Rings three and i need it on 6th of this month.
I am looking for movies being show in San Jose.
I want Horror movies
Can you find movies being shown in Vallejo?
I want to find a comedy movie. Search for movies now showing in Oakland.
Teen Spirit will be perfect. What time will I be able to watch it? I would like to see it at AMC Bay Street?
I feel like being spooked out. Can you help me find some scary movies?
I want to see Luce at Oakland on the 2nd of March.
What are some flicks in Oakland?
March 2nd please.
I am in Vallejo
I am looking for a movie to watch at AMC NewPark.
9th of March.
I want a 3d movie to watch.
I'd like to see it on Saturday this week.
I'd like 1 regular movie ticket for a show this Sunday.
Please search for IT two in Milpitas.
I'm in Brentwood
San Francisco.
No, Not interested . Find some other movies, will you find me 3d movies
Can you find some other movies I'd like to go see them at the Embarcadero Center Cinema. Any kind of movie will do.
I'd like to see something at the AMC Bay Street. Preferably a comic book-type movie. If you can find one of those, that would be great!
At the Concord area. I want to watch an Adventure movie at the Veranda Luxe Cinema. 
I am in San Francisco.
I want to watch The Curse of La Llorona.  What time is an imax show available on March 1st?
I want to see a movie in Mountain View.
Can you search for something in Santa Clara on the 1st of march.
Look for movies shown in SFO.
Could you help me finding a movie to watch in Union City, please?
I'd like just a regular show, and something on the 4th of this month would be best.
The Curse of La Llorona is great. What time is it available in March 5th?
I need 1 ticket for a movie at 8:15 pm.
Tomorrow please.
I would like to see Little. I would like to watch it on March 1st.
I would like to watch the show at 11:15 am on the 9th.
I am interested in watching adventure movies in imax show.
I would like to see a movie at the AMC Bay Street.
I will need 2 tickets, please.
The Redwood City
No thanks. I like fantasy movies. Can you now search in Campbell?
No, something else, in 3D, please.
I'd like to see it on the 2nd of this month.
I would like it in San Bruno.
This week, I have a lot to do and meeting to attend. I think I'll deserve some time to relax and watch a movie, something I could really use your help choosing. I want to see a Non-fiction movie that I can watch on imax. You have any ideas for me?
Please set the date for the 8th of March.
Find tickets for the movie Farewell.
Yeah, I want to see Hustlers.
I'm in Santa Rosa. I'm in the mood for a fantasy movie.
March 1st please.
Can you help me find a movie to stream in the Play genre?
Find other movies and any type of show
On the 4th of this month.
Any time on the 1st of March
It's movie night! I'm trying to decide what to watch. Can you find movies shown in Sonoma?
Can you find a movie for me with Shayn Solberg?
I'm in Cloverdale.
What's showing in San Jose?
I want to go on March 6th. And I'm located in San Jose.
Could you try March 4th at 10:30 pm in Santa Clara.
I am in Santa Clara, can you search here?
Lets go see Transit, What time is it? Ill go to any theater.
Somewhere in San Fran.
I want to watch a 3d movice in Emeryville.
I want to watch a movie at Sonoma Cinema.
I'm interested in 3d shows at 6:45 in the evening. You can search in Palo Alto as well.
It will only be me, so 1 is fine.
Could you help search for movies shown in Livermore?
Farewell is great. I'm buying tickets for ten pm on 4th of March.
I'm thinking the 7th of this month.
Give me a 3d show.
No, not now. What are the viewing times and dates? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I would like to find movies shown in Moraga tonight.
What time can I see it? I want to watch on the 9th and a 3d show.
What are the showtimes for this movie at New Parkway Theater?
Are there any Cartoon movies showing at imax in Union City?
Please find movies in Santa Rosa on March 2nd.
I was thinking a regular showing on March 8th would be good. 
Hey, I want a movie. Find me one in San Ramon, please. A good one this time!
Find some comic movies. I want to watch at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
Can you show me movies in San Jose.
Can you look for movies in SF.
I prefer a regular showing. Please get a ticket for the showing at 11 in the night.
I would like to be on 1st of this month.
I am located near Hillsborough.
In Santa Rosa search me please.
I want to watch the imax show next Friday.
Look in Morgan Hill.
I wanna find a movie to watch. Can you search for movies in Alameda?
I really enjoy Biographical movies and was thinking of watching Century at Hayward.
I changed my mind. Can you show me regular shows?
I want to find a movie to watch at AMC Saratoga.
Just a regular show, nothing special.
I want to find movies in San Ramon.
Try to find movies shown in Albany.
I want to go on March 3rd.
Breakthrough is perfect. Are there any times for the 3rd?
Please get me tickets to the movie Official Secrets.
Nope, I would like to watch Funny movies especially a imax show. Please can you find any such movies?
I need one ticket to a regular show.
Long shot sounds great. I want to watch on the 11th at AMC Mercado
Can you look for the movie in Newark?
Could you find films shown in San Ramon for me?
I'd like to see it on 2nd of March.
Please search for movies showing at the Pruneyard Cinemas in Campbell.
I'd like to go to the AMC NewPark.  Can you tell me what movies are showing in Newark?
Find me please a movie to watch at Airport Stadium Cinemas
I'd like to go on the 7th.
Are there any movies with actor Josh Gad in them?
I wish to see movies depicted in Livermore and I need one ticket.
Can you find movies in Albany?
find me a movie to watch please. Any show will work
I would like Scary movies. I would like to watch THE LOT City Center.
Find theaters playing 3D movies in San Jose.
Do you know the time I can watch it? I want it to be an imax show.
Mary Magdalene is good I would like to watch it this Saturday a imax show.
I need Santa Rosa at 8:15 in the night.
No thanks. I like adventure movies and I want to watch an Imax show.
I want to see a movie in San Fran.
I feel like going to the movies. I'd like to go see a 3d movie at Guild Theatre.
Anything at seven in the evening on March 1st. I would like three tickets.
I want to see a movie in San Bruno. What's available?
I would like to watch a movie in 3d from the Drama movie genre that I like.
Can you look for movies in Livermore?
Please check the 1st of this month.
Can you find me a drama movie to watch? One staring Taraji P. Henson
I would like to purchase 2 tickets.
Search it in San Jose.
No, something else. An imax show is what I am looking for.
I want to see a movie by Peter Jackson that is a Fantasy.
My friend and I want to go see a movie but we can't find one we like. We really want to see a Drama.
No. This Saturday would work better.
I want to watch Good Boys at 22:00.
Let me enjoy movie directed by Nitesh Tiwari, is there any one?
I forgot. I wanted to see it on Imax and March 8th would be the date.
I would like to see a thriller movie located in Brentwood.
I want to go see it today.
I'm searching for a movie to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
It's gonna be 3 of us
Can you find me a movie to watch at a Regal Jack London theater in Oakland? It should be a regular show.
I prefer a regular show, playing at 7:45 pm, on the 16th.
I like Brittany Runs a Marathon.
I'd like to view it on March 9th.
Look for movies shown in Martinez
The 1st of this month at Presidio Theatre.
I want to watch on 1st of this month.
I would like to see it on the 9th of this month.
I want to watch the 21:15 imax please
I'd like to watch a Gladys Holland movie
Can you search for movies shown in Sonoma?
I want to watch the movie on 15th of March, are there any timing available on that day?
I need to find a movie to watch in Livermore. I'd like to see an imax show.
I want to search it in San Leandro.
This Sunday.
I wanna see it on the 2nd
I want to watch something different like a 3D show. And I want to see it at Century San Francisco Centre.
No they don't sound like my cup of tea. What about a 3d film.
I'd like to see it on March 1st.
Yeah, I have changed the date to March 1st and at Century Vallejo.
I would like to see a regular show on March 10th in the San Jose area.
On the 3rd of this month, if possible.
I am planning to catch a movie with my friend later. Can you recommend a 3d movie?
March 7th, please.
Search for movies playing right now in Napa.
I want to see the movie in San Fran.
Hey, can you help me get movie tickets to IT Chapter Two.
Find movies in Larkspur. I would like a 3d show.
I will need three tickets for the 8:15 pm show if available.
I want to watch a McKinley Belcher III movie. I want something directed by Simon Curtis. It should be a drama.
Not at the moment. I'd like to watch an imax show, what are the available times?
I haven't seen a new movie a months. Can you find me an Imax show in Campbell to watch?
Is it on at any other times? I'd actually like to go to the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
Can you help me find an adventure movie showing in concord?
Can you find other movies? I want to see an IMAX movie at Rialto Cinemas.
I would like to find a movie to watch in the Imaginative fiction genre.
I'd like to see a movie, any genre is fine
Please find some other options in imax.
Will you find me movies directed by Tom McCarthy starring Walter the Dog?
Let's try something else. I want a regular show. Something like a Biographical movie.
I would like to watch the regular showing next Monday. What time do they have available, then?
I'd like to see the movie on Sunday this week at 19:15. A regular show is fine.
What time is the movie available on Tuesday next week?
No, don't really fancy that one either. Can you see if there's anything else? We quite like fantasy films, especially stuff directed by Neil Marshall.
Find movies in Larkspur
I'm in San Jose.
I wish to see it on the 9th.
Is it available at another time? How about on March 4th?
Please can you look for a good movie to watch for this week end, might be in San Jose?
I would like to buy a movie ticket in Concord on the 9th for four people.
I'm in San Ramon, please find a movie there.
I want movies shown in Union City.
Not right now. What times are available. I'd liek to see it in Imax if possible.
Find me something else like a regular show.
I'd like a location in San Ramon.
I am in Oakland, so can you find me any nearby movies?
In Santa Rosa please.
I want to go half past 6 in the evening to see the show.
Long Shot sounds perfect. What are the show times? I would like to watch a 3d show.
Can you look in the Newark area?
I want to watch a movie at Century 25 Union Landing and XD. I like dramatic story movies.
Help me find movies showing in San Francisco.
Are there any good movies showing in Pleasant Hill?
I'd prefer something else, in Menlo Park, any theater.
Nah. Find me something regular.
I'd like three tickets, please.
What fantasy movies are being shown in Morgan Hill?
Are you able to find movies playing at Livermore?
No, Sunday this week when we have a babysitter. We want the CineLux Almaden.
Comedy movies are my favorites.Search for me movies shown in SF .I would love to watch a imax show.
I would like movies in Petaluma.
I'm in Rohnert Park. Please find me a scary movie.
Can you find me a movie directed by Claire Denis?
I will be available on March 9th. That day would work.
Can you find for movies shown in Santa Clara.
Hey, they got any Fantasy movies playing at THE LOT City Center?
Not right now. What time can I watch it at Rheem Theatre?
I live in San Bruno.
I want to see it on the 1st.
I'd like a Ghost movie. Can you find anything else?
Can you find me a movie shown in Vallejo
I want to watch a movie staring Daniel Camp and directed by Herbert Ross.
search for March 11th.
What time is it showing at CineLux Almaden?
I like to prefer with regular one.
Please find some different movies. Any showing is fine.
I'd like to try and watch it on the 1st of March.
I want all kinds of movies
Probably, on March 8th.
I think Dumbo sounds great. What are the timings for it and I want to see it on the 1st.
No. Please search for a Comic imax show.
I'm at home alone and it is awfully quiet, so it's the perfect time to sit back and watch a movie. Can you find me a movie with Michaela Watkins starring in it and preferably directed by Paul Downs Colaizzo?
Search for Fantasy movies in San Jose.
Any others? I'm looking for something directed by Jonathan Levine, and starring O'Shea Jackson Jr.
I would like to watch a regular show at 3rd Street Cinema in Santa Rosa.
I'd like to look for a film to view at the raven Film Center. Could you look for a film playing in Healdsburg? I'd like to view a 3d film.
Hey, I want to go see a movie. Any theater is cool for me.
Book the show at ten pm.
I'm in Livermore.
I'd like to go watch it next wednesday.
I would like to watch it on 5th of March.
I want to search for the movies in Mountain View.
What's the address for Cinelux Tennant Station?
Find me something else.I want to watch a regular show.
Can you buy me movie tickets for movie shown in Rohnert Park?
The day after tomorrow.
I want to find a movie to watch, Can you search for the movies shown in Petaluma?
Anything in Mill Valley?
I want to see the movie on the 1st of this month please.
Please can you look for some good movies in Santa Rosa of Sonoma County?
Find Drama movies on imax.
No, Not at all. Please search for other movies. Will you search for movies shown in Union City and I like to watch at Century Union Landing location.
Can you find me an Imax movie Show?
I want to want Angel has fallen on day after tomorrow.
Can you try again? But I want Angel Has Fallen at quarter past 10 in the night.
I think we would all much prefer the 3d show.
I'm planning on going to see it on the 4th of this month, as I have off from work. I'm hoping to catch the imax show at AMC Mercado.
in Pleasant Hill, Is there any nice movie you can find here?
I want to get some movie tickets to a 3d show of A Faithful Man. It' sounds great.
Hey. Can you help me purchase two movie tickets to a showing Wednesday next week in Santa Rosa?
No, I want something else please. Any theater will do.
What else is there. I'm watching with my wife so maybe a Rom-com would be good.
Can you find me a 3D movie to watch?
I am more interested in fantasy movies, can you give me movie recommendations for the AMC Deer Valley?
I'm going on a date so I will need two tickets please.
I'm looking for a movie to watch at THE LOT City Center.
No. What's showing at Summerfield Cinemas?
I wish to purchase movie tickets to watch it on Wednesday next week.
I want to watch The Load.
I'd like to go somewhere in Oakland.
I am hoping to go on the 1st of March.
How about the 5th of this month?
I would like 1 ticket for IT Chapter Two in Union City on the 3rd of this month.
I want to see something on Wednesday next week, around ten pm or so. And I'm in San Rafael.
I am in the Santa Clara area.
No. I would like to book 2 tickets in Newark.
will you find me movies in Hayward?
Can you see if there are some other movies? I usually enjoy watching a film directed by Alfred Hitchcock, and for the film to be starring ALix Talton.
Can I have some more options? And can you search in Union City?
It will be fine in SFO
I am in Concord.
I want to watch on the night of the 16th of March, and I only need one ticket in San Jose
I will have some free time coming up and am thinking I might go see a movie. What movies are showing in Alameda at the Alameda Theatre & Cineplex?
There will be two of us.
Please give it a go again and look in San Francisco. I'd like a showing at 6:30 in the evening for Fiddler: A Miracle of Miracles.
Find me a movie directed by Anna Boden in the Adventure category.
2nd of March.
I want to watch something in Imax in San Francisco
Breakthrough sounds great, thanks. I'd like to see it in 3D, when is it on?
I would like 1 ticket to see a 3D movie called Ad Astra.
Search for movies only shown in Vacaville.
Book it for one person at ten in the night.
Look for something else. Something regular.
Get me one ticket for March 1st.
I would like to watch the show at 10:30 pm.
Please try for some other time like half past 10 in the night on March 5th for a regular show.
Also book for 4 tickets.
This Saturday at Century at Tanforan.
Yes, The Upside is what I want to see then. What are the showtimes for today?
I want to watch it at Embarcadero Center Cinema on the 2nd of this month.
Dumbo would be great, what are the playing times on March 1st at any theater.
I would like to see it on March 2nd in a 3d showing.
Yes, I want to watch a imax show: what time is it?
The 9th of March.
Hi, I'm wanting to see a movie. I want something at 8:30 pm.
I would prefer a movie with Frederick Preston
Can you do a search for any movies in fairfield?
Hey, could you please find me regular movie tickets for Friday next week at 22:45?
I want to watch it tomorrow.
I am in Petaluma.
Oh, sorry. I would like to see it on the 9th of March.
Find some other movies, any type of movie is fine.
No. Maybe look at the Century at Tanforan
I would like to see a regular showing of Hustlers. Look for something in Livermore around 21:45.
I want to go later today.
Please find me movies in Brentwood.
I'm interested in Hotel Mumbai, thanks. What are the times this movie is available? I'd like to watch a regular show. 
I'd like to see Chhichhore in Santa Clara. Just one ticket is good.
What time can I watch the movie on the 2nd?
I would like four tickets to IT2 on March 3rd in Mountain View.
can you search for movies shown in San Jose.i like Adventure movies.
Captain Marvel sounds perf. What Time can I watch? I want a regular show time
I am going to watch a movie at the Piedmont Theatre
No, what else is there? I want to see a regular show.
Can you tell me the time i shall able to watch that movie on 4th of March at Century Daly City?
I'm really bored. Can you find me a movie to watch in Union City?
No, don't get me tickets. But can you tell me what time I can see it. I want to see it on March 1st?
Could you try once? I wanna watch it on Saturday this week.
Find me movies showing around Brentwood.
I'm looking for movies in Morgan Hill.
Please find movies in Union City.
I'm in Larkspur.
I'm on Oakland. Can you show me movies from here?
I'm searching for movies to watch. I prefer Drama movies
Hi, could you help me search for some nice Anime movies please?
I would like to buy a movie ticket in San Jose at 11 o"clock in the night.
I want movies in Vacaville.
I would like to search for movies in Santa Rosa, please.
Please search in the San Francisco area.
I would prefer movies shown in Albany.
No. Also, you can look at any theatre.
Hi. I want to find a comedy movie to watch at Century Oakridge. Can you help me with that?
Search for movies in Vallejo.
I want to watch 3d show on 1st of March
Brentwood please.
I wish to search for a movie at Tiburon Playhouse.
Dumbo is perfect. What time can I watch it? I'd like to watch it on March 3rd.
Eh, I kind of want to watching something a little more regular. Can you find what is playing at the Airport Stadium Cinemas?
I like Ghost movies. Search for movies in San Jose.
i need to watch at IT2. Will you search for movies that shown in Mill Valley?
I want to watch a regular show of Angel Has Fallen shown in Concord.
I like adventure movies.Please find some other movies.
I want to go sometime today. I think the United Artists Berkeley would be the closest to where I am.
I would like to find a 3d movie to watch.
No not at present. What time is it on? I am interested in showing on the 4th at Boulevard Cinema.
I think that I want to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
Find me some other movies showing at AMC Brentwood.
I want to find a movie to watch at Century Walnut Creek.
Please search for movies showing in Mill Valley.
I would liek to watch a Scientific fiction in San Bruno at Century at Tanforan and XD.
Any others? Find something in the Comic genre.
I want to watch a imax show for movies in Fremont.And I want to watch at Century at Pacific Commons.
No, find some other movies. Search for movies being shown in Santa Rosa instead. Any type of movie is fine.
Just a regular show.
In Sebastopol
I want to watch 3 Below Theaters and lounge.
I need to find a movie in Santa Rosa.
I'll go on March 1st, a regular screening
IT2 is great! Buy me three tickets for the 10:15 in the night showing on the 10th of March
I'm looking for an imax show this Saturday.
I need to find a movie to watch at Roxie Theater.
San Rafael, please. I'd like to see a Drama movie.
I really want to find a movie to watch. I was thinking we could go to an imax show.
No. I want to watch on 2nd of March. What time can i watch?
No, not yet. But what time will I be able to watch a regular show?
I would like to see Dumbo. What time is it showing at ShowPlace ICON?
Make it on 2nd of this month.
Please find out the screening times for 3d shows.
I'd like to see Hustlers.
I'd particularly like a 3d movie.
I am interested in seeing the movie on the 4th at the quarter to 5 in the evening show and would lke 3 tickets.
Can you search for movies in Santa ROsa.
I would like to see After. Any type of show is fine. What times is it showing?
Try some other particularly in Vallejo, imax show.
Hi, could you help me find some nice Action movies to watch please?
My husband and I want to watch a 3d movie. Where is the closest place?
Hi, could you help me find a regular show to watch at Roxy Stadium Cinemas in Santa Rosa please?
Find a 3d movie in Brentwood.
I'm in Campbell. I'd like to go to Pruneyard Cinemas.
I want to find a movie to watch. I like comic movies. I want to watch at Century Napa Valley.
I am looking for a movie in Alameda.
Yes, I'd love to watch it later today.
I would like to find an Exotic movie.
I'd like to see the show at night 10 on the 2nd. I'm fine with a regular show.
Not yet, what are the available time slots for this movie next Tuesday?
Could you search for movies in Menlo Park.
I would like to see it tomorrow
Could you find me movies in Menlo Park?
I want to go on 6th of March, to a regular show at 3rd Street cinema.
I want to see IT Chapter Two on the 7th of March.
I would like to watch it next Thursday.
No, not right now. What is the time that I can see it? I want to see it on the 3rd.
I want to go out this evening. How about some tickets to see a movie at quarter past 6 in the evening?
Not interested. Any other movies which are directed by QUentin Tarantino? type of movie should be Cult genre.
Would you look for theaters around Emeryville? That's where we're eating.
I'd like to watch IT2 in imax.
Do you have any movies with Mike Colter?
I am interested in seeing an Imax show, preferrably a cartoon movie. Would you search for this in Santa Rosa?
I am in Antioch, can you search for nearby movies?
San Jose. I want to watch a regular show.
Find me a movie in Santa Clara.
Can you find a movie for me to watch that was directed by Michael Chaves?
San Jose, so search for movies there.
March 2nd would be nice.
Next Friday would be perfect for me.
I want to watch movie. Any kind of movie works for me.
I need to buy it in Pittsburg.
search for me in Sebastopol.
I only need 1 ticket for the movie.
What are the show times available for this movie? Would it be possible on the March 5th for a 3d version of this movie?
Yeah, we already saw that one. Is there anything directed by Hari Sama?
On 2nd of this month.
Please look for other movies. Are you able to do a search for movies in Emeryville? I would like to see something in IMax.
Can you check whether tickets are available for the show at quarter to 4 in the afternoon on March 7th?
Not now, what times are available and any theatre is fine.
I'm in San Ramon, so search for movies near there.
please search Mill Valley for movies.
I am in San Francisco, can you search for movies in this city?
My friend and I want to watch a movie at Century Daly City
Imax show will be perfect.
I will need 3 tickets for the 9:45 pm movie on the 10th of this month.
What time is After playing? I would like to see a regular show at Roxy Stadium Cinemas.
Please find other results. I like movies directed by Martin Scorsese, and I also like seeing a documentary.
Kindly find a movie in Newark.
i need 1 tickets.
It will be great to watch at Guild Theatre,tell me please at what time can I watch it.
The Mustang sounds good. What are the times if I want to watch it Wednesday next week?
I've always been interested in edwards fairfield. are there any biographical movies showing?
I need you to find me movies in San Jose
I want to see it at eleven pm.
I find boring myself to proceed in my routine life. i need a break so i plan to watch movies. will you buy movie tickets. i like to watch the show at 7 pm.
Anything else? What about movies directed by Iain Softley. Or something that's a Drama?
Can you find me movies shown in Emeryville
I'm looking for a movie at CineLux Tennant Station.
I would like to go today.
I want to see it on the 2nd.
When can I see it on the 8th of March?
Please search for movies shown in Fairfield.
Pillow Talk sounds good. What time is the movie?
I need it in Union City at 11 in the night. I need four tickets.
Nine pm.
Can you find a movie shown in SFO.
Okay, I expect we'll go see the movie on the 5th at THE LOT City Center.
A regular show.
Not exactly for the debut movies but might for the latest one. Please can you suggest some other movies? If you can find the one shown in Oakland, that would be perfect.
I wish to watch a movies shown in Morgan Hill. So Find it in that place.
I am looking for a movie directed by Elaine May to watch. Find something starring Rose Arrick.
I want to find an imax movie to watch later tonight.
No, I want to watch it on Sunday this week. What times is it showing?
On March 1st.
I want to want at Century at Tanforan, find some other movies.
I'd like to find something an Eccentric story movie to watch. What do you recommend?
I want to find a good film to watch with Duane Whitaker and I want something directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Make it movies in Santa Clara
I love adventure movies a lot and I want to see one of those. Can you find me a movie like that in San Jose? Preferably IMAX too, please.
Pleasant Hill.
The day after tomorrow please
What's the showtime for Pet Sematary on next Tuesday?
I want to find a movie to watch. I want to watch a regular show.
If I had my rathers I'd like the tickets for Wednesday next week for a 10:15 in the night showing.
I would like to see the show at half past 8 in the night.
I am thinking of going on March 2nd and I would like to see it at Veranda LUXE Cinema.
The 1st of this month.
Let's try that ticket purchase again please. How about a 10:45 pm imax show?
Just 1 would be needed.
The date would be March 4th, just a regular show is find, some kind of movie around San Ramon would do.
I'm looking for a movie to watch tonight. My favorites are scary movies.
I'd like to catch it on the 10th.
I want to know when I can go see that movies. What are the regular show times?
I am planning to watch a regular show on 5th of this month.
Can you get me tickets to watch the movie Good Boys on the 9th of this month?
I'm in Oakland.
I want to watch a movie in Morgan Hill.
I am in Santa Rosa and want the closest theater. What movies are there now?
I'd like to watch it on the 7th of March.
Nope, not now. What time can I watch it? I wanna watch it at Alameda Theatre & Cineplex. Any type of show is fine.
I am interested in seeing something else, preferably at the Regal Jack London.
It will be on the 7th of this month.
Can you search for another one? I would like to watch Century at Tanforan.
I want to watch the show at afternoon 3:30
How about next Thursday?
Please check the showtimes for this Saturday.
I like to watch imax show on 1st of March.
I want to watch The Farewell in 3d
I want to find a 3d movie.
Please recommend a movie that's showing in San Bruno.
I want to watch a Rom-com movie.
I prefer imax show.
What are some movies I can watch in Hayward?
Red Joan is perfect! What time can I see a 3d show on March 5th?
Please search for movies in San Francisco.
What times are available on the 2nd of this month at Boulevard Cinema.
I have to see a regular show movie at 10:30 in the night
On the 7th.
I want to purchase film tickets to a regular movie. Could you look for films playing in Santa Clara?
Try Healdsburg please.
Can you help me find movies in Oakland?
Probably later today.
I'd love Captain Marvel. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch a regular show.
I want four tickets for tomorrow.
Ladykillers is perfect. Can you buy me some tickets for quarter to 8 in the evening? I want to watch the movie in 3d.
Can you find me a movie to watch, directed by Morton DaCosta? I'm looking for a specific one.
Search please some movies shown in Newark on Wednesday next week because I want to buy tickets.
I'd like to a show. Can you help me find a 3d movie near me?
Is there a imax show nearby?
At what time can I watch the movie, if I plan on seeing it on the 1st of this month?
I would love to see a 3d show in Menlo Park.Can you help me find one?
My brother and I want to go see an adventure movie, can you help find one?
I plan on going to the theater Friday next week.
I need the tickets for regular show for the movie Overcomer on 2nd of March.
I am planning to watch it on March 2nd.
Searc in Emeryville, please
Can you search movies in San Francisco?
I want a movie directed by Harry Elfont and starring Harmoni Everett.
On later today
I'm looking forward to seeing it on the 1st.
Can you find me an imax show on the 6th of this month at night 10:30?
the 2nd of this month.
I feel like watching a movie. What's available in San Jose?
What time is it? I want to go to Century at Tanforan.
I want to go on the 2nd of March.
A regular one is fine for us
I would like a regular drama movie at Regal Crow Canyon.
I'm having some friends over and need a movie to watch. Please find me some movies in the comic genre.
make a search for 1st of this month.
I'd like to see it at New Parkway Theater on the 10th of March.
I'd like something else. I forgot to mention but I'm into Comic movies.
Can you fin another movie.
Can you look for films which are playing in Menlo Park?
I am looking for a funny movie.
Have you tried searching for movies in Oakland
I want to search for it in San Jose and I would like to prefer a 3D show.
I want a regular one.
I wish to see it on the 1st.
I want to watch a movie in Union City.
I'd like to look for a film to watch. I like adventure films.
On 2nd of March.
I need 1 tickets that should be a imax show.
I want to watch a Zoe Bell movie.
Just two of us.
I want it on Saturday this week.
Please keep searching. I'd like to see a drama at the Embarcadero Center Cinema.
I would like to watch a horror movie.
I'd like to watch a movie at Reading Cinemas Rohnert Park.
Find me movies in San Francisco.
I would like to watch the movie on the 4th.
I want to watch it at Century at Hayward. 
I want to watch the movie at Boulevard Cinema. Can you find movies that are showing in Petaluma? I enjoy comedy movies.
I'd like to see an imax movie in Novato.
Please change the date and time to 1st of March at half past 9 in the night.
Can you find me a Romance movie starring Haaz Sleiman?
I would like to watch an imax show on the 5th of this month. I want 1 ticket.
I need movie tickets for Toy Story Four, now please.
I would like a regular show.
Can you attempt to buy again? I'd like to watch it at Walnut creek on next Tuesday, during night 9:45.
Anything else? I am looking for Scary movies.
I'd like the 1st of March, if possible.
I am looking for a 3d suspense movie in Santa Clara.
I'd like to watch a movie directed by Malik Bendjelloul
I'd like to see a movie at Century Rowland Plaza.
How about something else like a comic film directed by Morton DaCosta?
I am in Brentwood, there are a few theaters. What movies are around here?
After sounds great! I plan on watching it on the 2nd of this month. Can you tell me what time is the showing?
Can you check for a movie in Fremont?
Curse of La Llorona is perfect. What time can I watch a imax on the 7th
I desire 1 ticket.
My friend and I are looking to watch a movie later. Can you find movies in Walnut Creek?
Please find some more movies. I would like to watch at AMC Bay Street for a 3d show.
Find me movies in Union City.
No thank you. Can you search for movies showing at Century at Tanforan in San Bruno.
This Saturday.
Shazam! sounds great! I want to watch in Tuesday next week. What times are there?
Likely at 6:30 pm.
Can you find me a regular movie show that I can watch in Santa Rosa?
I'm looking for something to do with my evening. What movies are showing in San Jose?
No, regular show is enough to me.
Century Cinemas is in San Leandro.
Dr. Strangelove sounds good. I don't care about the theater, but what times are available?
I would like to watch the movie at any theater today.
I was thinking about seeing a 3d movie at the Lark Theater. Can you search for the movies playing in Larkspur right now?
I feel Shazam is good for me and i want to watch it in Century Walnut Creek and what is the show time?
Somewhere close to home so I don't have to drive far would be great, start with Brentwood.
Yes, Overcomer is good and I want to purchase the tickets now. Please buy one ticket on March 7th for the show time at 10:30 pm.
I want to watch it at quarter to 11 in the night.
Tuesday next week would be best
I'm looking for movies in Santa Clara.
Yes, Teen Spirit would be great. What time is an imax showing playing?
What time is the showtimes on March 1st?
I want to go on the 11th, at 3 Below Theaters And Lounge.
Search for movies being shown in Newark.
I am feeling bored. Is there any Fantasy movies laying?
Can you find me a thriller movie directed by Alexander Mackendrick?
No, now right now. I want to see it at CineLux Tennant Station on the 4th of this month. What time is it playing then?
I want to see it on Saturday this week.
What else is there? I want to see an imax movie.
Look for movies plating San Ramon.
Gloria Bell would be good - I'd like to see it on the 9th of this month, what time does it start at?
Actually, you know what, I changed my mind. I think I want to watch Hustlers in Santa Clara, can you search there please?
Actually can you make that a 3d showing for later today?
I'm looking to watch an action movie directed by David Leitch starring Alex King.
Could you look for films shown in Napa?
Can you tell me if it's playing on the 2nd at Pruneyard cinemas?
I want 2 tickets for the show on March 1st.
At what time i shall able to watch that movie? Whether i could able to watch it on 2nd of this month.
I want to find Animation movies that are 3d showing in Santa Rosa tonight.
Red Joan will work. what times are avaliable for the 9th of this month.
I want to see it on March 7th.
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it on? I want to watch at Century Union Landing.
I want to watch a regular show. I want to want it on 3rd of this month.
I want to see it on Wednesday next week.
I'm going on a date so I need 2 tickets on Saturday this week in SF
I'd like to view the show during 5:15 in the evening.
I'll see it this Saturday
I am looking for showtimes on the 17th.
Pet Sematary is perfect. What time is it showing at AMC Mercado?
Is there another show time? I want to watch it on March 2nd.
I want to watch it on the 1st of March.
I think I'd like to get 1 ticket for the evening 7:30 pm showing.
I'd like to find a movie to watch. Would you find me movies in Santa Rosa? A regular show would be good.
I want to see it at Century Union Landing. What movies are playing in Union City?
I'd like to watch it on the 5th.
A show in Danville will be great.
Could you look in Union City?
I have a lot of leisure time and i am going to make use of it. Will you find a movie to watch? Actually i like Drama kind of movies
Sometime on the 6th of this month. 
Im looking to watch a movie that is in 3d.
I want to watch a movie that Ian Hendry is in.
I am in San Jose. Also I want to see a 3D movie.
Tell me what is showing at the CineLux Tennant Station in Morgan Hill.
Can you find me seats for Once Upon a Time In Hollywood?
Search for Morgan Hill.
What time can I watch it on Wednesday next week?
I want to go next Friday.
I am currently at Sebastopol, could you find for movies currently showing in this area?
Let's go with Sunday this week.
What time can I watch it on March 2nd at 3rd Street Cinema.
Little is the one for me. When can I watch it? I'd like to watch it today.
I need it at Century 20 Great Mall and XD, for movies in Milpitas. I want to see Action.
I want to watch a 3D show. Can you search for movies in Napa?
Search for movies in Larkspur.
Can you search a comic movie for me?
The 4th of this month
I don't really like any of those. How about some Drama films? I want to watch it at United Artists Stonestown Twin.
I wanna see Embarcadero Center Cinema and in imax
Find movies in San Leandro
No, I don't want to purchase now. What time can I watch it? I want to watch a 3d show.
I want to see the movie on the 4th of this month.
I would like to watch a 3d movie.
I want to watch a movie that's been shown in Fairfield.
I'm thinking today at the AMC Eastridge.
Could you please find the movie in Tiburon?
Its Santa Clara, so please search for movies nearby.
No, not now. I want to watch it at regular show times at CineLux Tennant Station. What time can I watch it?
I'd like 4 tickets to watch the show at nine pm.
I'd like to get movie tickets to go watch After The Wedding.
Search for movies in SFO please.
I plan on seeing it on the 2nd of March.
I want to watch tomorrow.
Actually, what time is the movie. I want to see it in an imax theater.
I wanna watch IT Chapter Two on the 7th, preferably in Mill Valley
