For how much? What's the address?
That is all correct, what is the address of the theater?
Can you tell me the name of the director of the movie?
Super, what genre is that movie considered? Can I get the address of the place?
Who acted in it?
What's the genre?
What about its ticket cost?
Who's in this movie?
can you tell me, Who is the director of that movie?
Yes. Which theatre is bes.
What genre is that, and who's in it?
Okay, how much do the tickets cost and can you provide me with the location of the theatre?
Okay..this is perfect...can i know the ticket cost?
Who acted in this movie and who is the director?
and what is the ticket cost?
What style movie is this?
Can you tell me who directed it and which actors are featured in the film?
I need an address.
Cool, I love fantasy. What's the address of the theater, and how much would a ticket cost?
What sort of movie is it?
That is perfect. please go ahead. What is the name of the theater that you have booked the show for me?
Yes, that's right. What kind of movie is it and how much is the ticket?
Yes please. What theater is good? And what would the address of that theater be?
Fine, what kind of movie is it? How much must I pay?
How much is the ticket cost? What kind of a movie is it?
Alright. What is the address and how much does the ticket cost?
What's the address? And how much does it cost?
What is the genre of the movie? Can you get me the address of the theater?
How much is it? And what's the address?
How much do tickets cost?
May I know who played in this movie?
What's their address and how much is the ticket?
Can you tell me the genre of the movie please.
Yes, all the information you have is correct. What theater would you suggest and how much will the tickets cost?
Where can I find the theater?
Yeah, that's perfect for me. What type of film is it, and where is the theater located?
Yes, how much is the ticket and what is the address of the theater?
Whis is the price of the ticket and where is it located at?
Who acted and directed the movie?
How much?
Could you please find out the theater address, as well as the ticket price?
Can you tell me the names of the Actors and Actresses that star in this movie?
What sort of movie is it and which theater is best?
Can you get me the address of the theater and ticket price please?
Yes thank you. How much is it and what kind of movie is it?
May I know the address of the theater and the kind of movie it is?
Who directed this movie?
Who directed Angry Birds 2? Is that a comedy or what?
What type of movie is this?
What genre is this movie? And where is the theatre's located
Can you please give me the address for the theater?
I haven't heard of it, are there any well-known actors in the movie?
I don't know, what genre is the movie classified as and can you tell me who directed it?
What is the genre?
How much per ticket?
That sounds good. What is the address of the theater?
Who directed it?
How much is it for a ticket?
What's the address of the theater? What sort of movie is it?
Where's the theater located?
Wait. How much are the tickets? Is this a Horror movie?
what is the ticket cost?
Where is the theater and how much is it?
Where's the theater at?
Quick question, what genre is this movie classified as?
Do you know what genre the movie is?
May I have the theater's address please?
How much is the ticket? What's the address of the theater?
Find me the details about ticket cost and the theater address.
How much will the ticket cost, and where is the theater located?
What genre?
What genre is the movie? What's the theater's address?
Can you give me the address to the theater?
Yes and please give me their address.
Who directed this movie? What's the genre?
I'm not familiar with it, can you tell me who stars in the movie?
Can you please tell me the ticket price?
What's the theater's address?
Where's the theater at and how much are tickets?
How much does it cost?
How much are the tickets going to cost, and what is the genre of the movie?
Awesome. What will a ticket cost me? Also, what's this movie about?
That is fine with me, may I have their address please?
Ok, What genre is this movie?
Maybe. Who's the director?
Yes, what is the address of the theater ans price of ticket?
How much does the ticket cost and what is the address of the theater?
Yes, what's the address? What's a good one?
Yeah, that's perfect for me. What is the ticket price?
Whats the ticket fare and address of the theatre?
It is good. What is the name of the theater and their address?
Where's the theater at? And how much is it?
You can tell me please the cost of ticket and what type of movie is?
Tell me about the cost of the ticket for that movie?
Who directed this movie and what genre is it?
Where is the theater located?
What is the location of the theater?
Okay, Thank you, Please tell me the ticket cost and Which theater do you prefer for me?
Who is the actor in the movie?
the answer is below
Who acted in the movie?
Please tell me who's starring in the film, as well as the genre.
Yes, that sounds good. How much will this cost? Can you get me the address of the theater?
What genre is it and how much are tickets?
What is the address of The Lot City Center?
Can you tell me which genre this movie is in and who stars in it?
Can you tell me the cost of the movie and what kind of movie is it?
Who directed the movie?
What's the address?
What type of movie is Captain Marvel? I just want to make sure it is the one I had in mind.
Okay, nice. What genre is Hellboy listed as?
Who directed this?
Who starred in the movie?
Do you know the price of the ticket? Where is that theater?
Where is it? What genre?
Who acted in this movie and what genre is it?
what is the cost of the tickets and what is the address
What is the theater's address and how much is a ticket?
How much is that?
Beautiful. Now, what address do you have for the theater?
Where is the theater? What is this movie about?
yes, it seems good for me. give me their address?
What is the cost for the ticket?
Yes, that is correct. What is the address of the cinema.
That is perfect. Please proceed and let me know the type of movie.
Who starred in it?
Let me know the cast and crew details of this movie to choose.
Yes, That is correct. Can you find me the address of the theater and the cost of the ticket?
Alright, how much is that ticket?
Do you know the theater's address as well as the ticket price?
Where is the theatre and how much is the ticket?
Yes, that's right. Which is the preferred theater?
What type of movie is it?
Yes, what is the address>
Who was in that?
Do you know the address of the theater?
Sure that will work for me . What is the address of the theater?
Can you tell me who directed it?
How much do the tickets cost?
Let me know the address of the theater along with ticket cost.
How much for a ticket?
That's kind of pricy. Alright, what's the address of the theater?
That's great! How much does the ticket cost?
Tell me the address of the theater and what kind of movie is it?
What genre is it?
Great, how do I get there?
Who is the director and who acted in the movie?
What genre of movie is it?
What is the name of the director of the movie and which genre?
What genre does this movie belong to and how much does the ticket cost?
Sounds great. What genre? Address of theater?
Yes that's perfect, what's the theater address so I can find it?
How much does it cost and what is the address of the theatre?
What is the genre of this movie. How much is the ticket?
What is the type?
What genre is it? How much does it cost?
What is the cost and type of movie.
What's the price of a ticket?
What is the address?
Yes, that's good. Is there a theater that you recommend? And what's the address for it?
I would like to know how much the ticket costs?
Can you tell me the names of the actors and the director of this movie?
Who are the actors of this movie, and who directed it?
Who is the director and actors?
Where is the theater? And what kind of movie is it?
I've never heard of her. What genre is the movie classified as and who directed it?
How much is a ticket?
What is their address and what is the price of a ticket?
Gosh, that's kind of late. How much is a ticket?
What is the genre of the film?
What kind of movie is it?
How much does a ticket cost?
How much were the tickets? What is the address of the movie theater?
How much are the tickets and what is the address?
What type of movie is it and what is the price of a ticket?
What genre is the flick?
What is the theater's address?
What genre is this movie and who are the cast?
And how much does it cost?
I have never seen that movie, what kind is it? What about the address?
Ok that sounds good. How much is the ticket costs? what is the address of the theater?
What is the ticket charge, where is it located?
Can I have the price of the ticket and the address to the theater?
What is the theater address?
What is the address of the theatre and how much are the tickets?
May I know who directed this movie please?
Who's in it?
Thanks. How much does the ticket cost? Also, what kind of movie is it again?
Yes, confirmed. What genre is Hustlers?
How much are the tickets?
How much was the ticket?
ok that sounds good. Which theater the movie is?
How much the ticket cost?
Who is the director? What kind of movie is it?
What's the address of the theatre and how much is the ticket?
How much does that cost? Where's the theater?
Can I have the correct location of the theatre? I mean, address..
Whats the address?
Can you also please tell me the price of the ticket?
How much is it?
Where's the theater?
What is the price?
What is the cost of the ticket? Where it is located?
What's the damage? And where is the theater?
Yes, that sounds good. What theatre is the movie at?
How much is the ticket? What is the genere?
I see, and who directed the movie?
That sounds great! Which theater will that be at?
What's the theater address, and what's the type of move?
How much is the ticket and what is the address?
Who played in that movie?
What is the ticket cost and what is the theater address?
get the address of that theater
Yes, that is right. What is the ticket price?
Fine, that works.
That is okay to proceed. Also I want to know the address and cost details.
What would you call that type of movie?
Can you find me the name of the actor and the genre of the movie?
That might be it - what genre is it?
How much does the ticket cost?
What type of movie is it? Where is the theater located?
Tell the genre of movie it is?
How much is the ticket? What is the address?
How much is it, and what's the address of the theater?
What is the street address?
Who is the director of the movie?
What is the genre of that movie?
Who played in this movie?
Can you tell me the address of the theater and the price of the ticket?
That sounds great! How much does this cost?
Let me know the type of this movie to decide.
How much is it gonna cost?
What type of movie is it? And what's the theater's address?
Which type movie is it?
What is the cost of the ticket?
How much is the ticket? And what's the address of the theater?
How much is the ticket and what genre is the movie?
What is the cost of the ticket and what is the address?
That is correct. Let me know the type of movie and location of the theater.
Where is that? How much does it cost?
Do you know the genre of movie and fare of ticket.
How much is the ticket for?
What's the genre of Hellboy?
That's right. What type of movie is it and how much does the ticket cost?
What is the ticket price?
What type of the movie and what is the ticket cost?
What kind of film is it? How much does it cost?
Can you tell me the genre of the movie?
What type of movie it is?
Perfect. Do you know the theater's address?
Where's that theater?
Ok , great. will you tell me the address of that theater?
Yes, that's perfect. What's the address of the theater?
What is the theater location?
